Where can I smoke at Disney Resort hotels?
All Disney Resort hotels,  at Walt Disney World Resort are smoke-free environments. Smoking is not permitted in hotel rooms, on patios or on balconies. The smoking of tobacco, e-cigarettes or other products that produce a vapor or smoke is allowed only in designated areas.Smoking is allowed in the designated outdoor smoking locations of each Disney Resort hotel. Guests can request location information upon check-in.If you have questions about our smoking policy or wish to locate the nearest designated smoking area, please visit our Designated Smoking Areas page,  or ask a Disney Cast Member.Marijuana, Smoking marijuana is not permitted at any time in Disney Resort hotels, even in designated smoking areas.
Where can I find more information about the Disney theme parks and water parks?
You can learn all about the theme parks and water parks at Walt Disney World Resort right here on disneyworld.com—including in-depth information on attractions, dining, entertainment and Guest Services.Learn more about:Magic Kingdom park, Epcot, Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney's Animal Kingdom park, Disney's Typhoon Lagoon water park, Disney's Blizzard Beach water park, Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How much does it cost to renew my annual pass?
You can view Passholder status renewal prices online, , ask at any Walt Disney World ticket window and call (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.There are 3 convenient ways to renew your Passholder status:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location.Though the pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Passholder will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.If you purchased your current pass before October 4, 2015, you may be asked to select one of the new pass types available at the time of your renewal.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I am a Florida resident. Can I renew my Annual Pass online using the Monthly Payment Program?
Yes. Florida residents can renew Annual Passes using the Monthly Payment Program. Your pass can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after it expires.There are 2 convenient ways to renew your Annual Pass with the Monthly Payment Program:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
Can I renew an Annual Pass for a Guest other than myself?
Yes. To renew an Annual Pass for another Guest, you’ll need his or her name, address and Pass ID (located on the bottom of the Pass). Please be aware that proof of Florida residency,  is required for purchase and use of all Annual Passes for Florida Residents..There are 3 convenient ways to renew an Annual Pass:Renew online, . This includes Guests you manage via your Disney account, so long as the Guest in question does not have an account of their own.Renew at Walt Disney World theme park ticket windows and Guest Relations locations, as well as Guest Relations locations at Disney Springs.Renew by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration. If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can still renew online, in person from a theme park ticket window or at Guest Relations locations.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewals taking place in person at Walt Disney World Resort, each Annual Pass owner will still need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I didn't receive my renewal notice and need to renew my Annual Pass. What should I do? 
A renewal notice is not required to renew your Annual Pass. There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
Are maps of Walt Disney World theme parks available in advance of my visit? 
Yes. View our interactive online maps.Using advanced Google Maps technology, our interactive maps provide an overview of Walt Disney World Resort—including the theme parks, water parks, Disney Resort hotels, golf courses, attractions, shopping, dining, entertainment and Guest Services.
What are the best  driving routes to Walt Disney World Resort?
It's easy to drive to Walt Disney World Resort. We're located southwest of Orlando, off Interstate 4, west of Florida’s Turnpike. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some sample routes from major United States and Canadian cities: Atlanta, GA, I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Boston, MA, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Chicago, IL, I-65 South to I-24 East I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Columbia, SC, I-26 East to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Dallas, TX, I-20 East to I-49 South to I-10 East to I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Hilton Head Island, SC, US 278 West to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Montreal, QC, take I-87 South to I-287 South to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, New Orleans, LA, I-10 East to I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, New York, NY, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Ottawa, ON, From 416, take 401 South, 137 to the border to I-81 South, connect to I-83 South, then I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Raleigh, NC, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Toronto, ON, Take I-90 South to I-90 West to I-79 South to US-19-Alt South to I-64 East/I-77 South to I-26 East to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Washington, DC, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits
What are the best driving routes to Walt Disney World Resort from within Florida?
Walt Disney World Resort is located southwest of Orlando, off Interstate 4, west of Florida’s Turnpike. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some sample routes from major Florida starting points:From Interstate 95, U.S. Highway 1 or southbound on Florida’s Turnpike: take I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, From Southbound Interstate 75, Take Florida’s Turnpike South to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, From Northbound on Florida’s Turnpike, Take Osceola Parkway which connects with U.S. Highway 192 and the Walt Disney World Resort Exits, From the Daytona Area, Take I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, From the Tampa Area, Take I-4 East to Walt Disney World Exits, From Miami or Ft. Lauderdale, Take Florida’s Turnpike North to Osceola Parkway West (exit 249) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Northeast Florida, Take I-95 South to I-4 West (exit 260B, old 86) to Walt Disney World Exits From Northwest Florida, Take I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South (exit 328, old 65), to I-4 West (exit 259) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Orlando International Airport, Take OIA South exit (FL 417S - Toll) to Osceola Parkway West (exit 3) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Orlando-Sanford Airport, Take Lake Mary Blvd. West to FL 417 South to Osceola Parkway West to Walt Disney World Exits
How can I celebrate my birthday at Walt Disney World Resort?
There are many ways to celebrate your birthday during your visit to Walt Disney World Resort. Be sure to stop by any Guest Relations or Front Desk location to pick up a complimentary “Happy Birthday” button to wear on your special day.Birthday Cakes, Order a cake in honor of your day. Choose the size, flavor and engraving that best suits your needs. Cake delivery can be arranged for Guests with reservations at participating Table-Service restaurants at Walt Disney World Resort. They can also be delivered to your Disney Resort hotel room or ordered through Amorette’s Patisserie at Disney Springs.Learn more about ordering cakes at Walt Disney World Resort.Disney Floral & Gifts, Add a dash of pixie dust to your birthday celebration with the help of Disney Floral & Gifts.Discover more about Memory-making Gift Experiences, Magic “In-Room Celebrations” and so much more.Create Your Own Event, Work with Disney Meetings & Events to create a one-of-a-kind birthday event. Hold your birthday party at some of your favorite spots throughout Walt Disney World theme parks, Disney Resort hotels and more.Learn more about Disney Meetings & Events.
If a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I want to cancel or reschedule my vacation, what should I do with my airline tickets? 
If you booked your air travel through the Walt Disney Travel Company and you want to reschedule, we will attempt to rebook your air travel. However, you will be responsible for any cancellation or change fees imposed by the airline. If you did not book your air travel through the Walt Disney Travel Company, you should contact your airline.
Will I be responsible for any cancellation or change fees or other amounts if a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date?
If a hurricane warning is issued by the National Hurricane Center for the Orlando area—or for your place of residence—within 7 days of your scheduled arrival date, you may call in advance to reschedule or cancel your Walt Disney Travel Company Magic Your Way vacation package and most room only reservations (booked directly with Disney) without any cancellation or change fees imposed by Disney.If you have products and services provided by third-party suppliers included in your vacation—such as airlines, hotels, car rental agencies or travel insurance companies—you will continue to be responsible for any non-refundable payments, as well as cancellation or change fees assessed by those suppliers. The policy does not apply to certain special events or dining experiences.This policy also applies to Disney's Vero Beach Resort,  or Disney's Hilton Head Island Resort,  in the event a hurricane warning is issued for those destinations.If you have questions or you wish to reschedule your vacation due to a hurricane warning, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What information do your online maps contain?
Our interactive maps,  provide much of the information that you need to familiarize yourself with Walt Disney World Resort and plan your visit. Using advanced Google Maps technology, our interactive maps show the locations of theme parks, water parks, Disney Resort hotels, golf courses, attractions, shopping, dining, entertainment and Guest Services—including details such as ATMs, lockers and baby care centers. 
I purchased theme park tickets years ago and never used them. Are they still valid?
Walt Disney World Resort continues to honor all unexpired theme park tickets with remaining admission days.However, be aware that unless you purchased the No Expiration Option, theme park tickets purchased after 2004 expire 14 days after their first use. While the No Expiration Option is no longer available, if you have previously purchased theme park tickets with the No Expiration Option, your tickets will still be honored.If you have additional questions about your specific theme park tickets, please check with Guest Relations,  at the theme parks or call (407) 939-1289. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How is the Walt Disney World Resort responding to COVID-19, commonly referred to as novel coronavirus?
Important Walt Disney World Resort Update Concerning Coronavirus/COVID-19, As we continue to monitor the coronavirus situation, we wanted to share a few updates you should know about concerning the Walt Disney World Resort.Update on operations at the Walt Disney World Resort.
What kinds of prices can I expect to pay for food inside the theme parks and at Disney Resort hotels?
Costs will vary from location to location, and are all listed online. Each spot has ranked according to price using an easy-to-follow, dollar sign breakdown:$ ($14.99 and under per adult), $$ ($15 to $34.99 per adult), $$$ ($35 to $59.99 per adult), $$$$ (over $60 per adult), Range reflects the average price of adult dinner entrées (breakfast and lunch generally cost less), except Character Dining locations, buffet locations, dinner shows, and special dining events where range reflects the average adult price of entire meal and non-alcoholic beverages. Range excludes alcoholic beverages, taxes and gratuities except at dinner shows where beer and wine, taxes and gratuities are included.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Park?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Animal Kingdom Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park?
Walt Disney World Resort water parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Accommodations for service animals, Wheelchair rentals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Epcot?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Epcot.
What accommodations exist for Guests with hearing disabilities? 
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning and written aids.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with hearing disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney’s Hollywood Studios?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Magic Kingdom Park? 
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Magic Kingdom Park.
How do the theme parks accommodate Guests with disabilities?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World theme parks.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney Resort hotels?
Walt Disney World Resort hotels provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer in our Resort hotels include wheelchair-accessible bathrooms, wheelchair-accessible ramps and elevators, rooms designed for the hearing impaired Guests and rooms that accommodate service animals.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort hotels.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park?
Walt Disney World Resort water parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Accommodations for service animals, Wheelchair rentals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with visual disabilities?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with visual disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks and digital audio tours.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with visual disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
What is the best way to dress for a visit to the parks?
We suggest you dress comfortably, wear good walking shoes and check the local weather report before you leave for the parks at Walt Disney World Resort.Face coverings are required for all Guests (ages 2 and up) and must be worn in all public areas, except while swimming or seated for dining. Please review important guidelines and requirements for face coverings.Proper attire, including shoes and shirts, must be worn at all times. The parks are a casual, family-oriented environment. Ensuring that the parks are family-friendly is an important part of the Disney experience. In that spirit, we ask you to use your discretion and common sense.Inappropriate Attire, Attire that is not appropriate for the parks—and which may result in refusal of admittance—includes but is not limited to:Costumes may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older; however, some costumes may be permitted during select special events, such as Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party, Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party,  and Disney Villains After Hours.While costumes may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older, some outfits inspired by Star Wars,  may be permitted. Learn more about dressing for Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge, Masks may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older (unless they are for medical or Guest safety,  purposes); however, some masks may be permitted during select special events such as Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party, , Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party,  and Disney Villains After Hours.Clothing with objectionable material, including obscene language or graphics, Excessively torn clothing, Clothing which, by nature, exposes excessive portions of the skin that may be viewed as inappropriate for a family environment, Clothing with multiple layers are subject to search upon entry, Objectionable tattoos, Dressing for Special Events, Please note these specific costume guidelines for Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party, Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party,  and Disney Villains After Hours, . These specific costume guidelines are also applicable September 15 – October 31, 2020 at Magic Kingdom Park during regular park hours.While we encourage creativity, we also value safety and good judgment. If you’re planning to attend these special events, take a moment to read over our latest rules and regulations:General, Disney reserves the right to deny admission to or remove any person wearing attire that is considered inappropriate or attire that could detract from the experience of other Guests.All Guests may dress as their favorite character, but may not pose for pictures or sign autographs for other Guests.Costumes must be family-friendly and may not be obstructive, offensive, objectionable or violent.Costumes may not contain any weapons that resemble or could easily be mistaken for an actual weapon.Costumes may not contain sharp objects, pointed objects or materials that may accidentally strike another Guest.Guests who do not adhere to these guidelines may be refused entry into, and/or removed from Disney parks, unless his or her costume can be modified to meet the above standards.For Guests ages 13 and under:Costumes and some masks may be worn, as long as the mask does not cover the entire face and provide unobstructed peripheral vision at all times with openings that allow the eyes to be fully seen.For Guests ages 14 and older:Layered costumes or costume props that surround the entire body are strongly discouraged and may be subject to additional security screening.Costumes may not reach or drag on the ground. (for example, full-length Princess dresses) , Capes may be worn if the length does not go below the waist. , Themed T-shirts, blouses, sweatshirts and hats are acceptable. , Acceptable accessories include: transparent wings, plastic light sabers, toy swords and tutus. Headwear may be worn as long as it does not cover the face. , Masks of any kind may not be worn (, unless they are for medical or Guest safety purposes), Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Property Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Why am I getting an error message when I try to enter my Annual Pass into my profile?
When entering your Annual Pass into your profile, be sure to include only the digits that make up your Passholder number.If you have additional questions, please visit our visit our phone Directory to contact us.Enter your Annual Pass number on My Profile in My Disney Experience.
Can I bring EpiPens, antihistamines and asthma medications into the parks? 
Yes. You can bring EpiPens, antihistamines and asthma medications into the Disney theme parks and water parks.Please inform the security Cast Member who checks your bags that you or someone in your party has an allergy and you require medically necessary items.Learn how Walt Disney World Resort restaurants can help accommodate Special Dietary Requests.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How does Walt Disney World Resort work to help the environment?
Environmentality is an attitude and a commitment to our environment, where we actively seek ways to be friendlier to our planet. We're committed to making smart choices now to preserve our world for the future. We encourage environmental awareness among our Cast Members, our Guests and our community. For more information, please contact:Environmental Initiatives Walt Disney World Co. P.O. Box 10,000 Lake Buena Vista, FL 32830-1000 
I’m planning to visit Walt Disney World Resort for more than 7 days. Is there a ticket available that’s longer than the 7-Day Disney Theme Park ticket?
Yes. You may purchase an 8-day, 9-day or 10-day Disney Theme Park ticket,  or purchase an Annual Pass.Annual Passes have additional benefits, , such as special discounts, that can make them a great value.
How do I take advantage of Extra Magic Hours?
The Extra Magic Hours benefit,  allows registered Guests—with valid theme park admission—of Disney Resort hotels, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel,  and Shades of Green® Resort,  to experience select attractions at the theme parks before or after the parks are open to the general public. Disney Golden Oak Residents or Guests of Disney Golden Oak Residents may also take advantage of Extra Magic Hours. Times and availability varies.To take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours benefit, , each member of your party will need to present one of the following:A valid theme park ticket and MagicBand,  or Key to the World Card, A Disney Golden Oak ID card, Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How can I find out the Extra Magic Hours for a theme park?
View details about Extra Magic Hours,  or on the printed Times Guide that you’ll receive when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel, . The printed Times Guide will also contain the regular park hours for the current week.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Do I need a special ticket for Extra Magic Hours?
Any valid theme park tickets allow you to take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours benefit, . Extra Magic Hours are only available to registered Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel,  and Shades of Green® Resort, —plus Disney Golden Oak Residents or Guests of Disney Golden Oak Residents.When planning your schedule, please remember that to visit more than one theme park per day, you’ll need to purchase the Park Hopper Option or Park Hopper Plus Option on your theme park ticket—or the Ultimate Ticket Option for United Kingdom Guests.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
If I purchase a select Florida Resident Annual Pass using the Monthly Payment Program, will it automatically renew?
No. Your Annual Pass is valid for one year from the date of issuance and does not automatically renew. Annual Passes can be manually renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
What proof of residence will I need to provide in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass?
You’ll need to provide proof of a Florida residential address in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass. For each ticket or pass purchased for an adult, you may provide any of the following:Valid Florida driver’s license (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida state-issued ID card (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida-based military ID, *For your convenience, Florida residents with any of the above listed identification can now verify their residency online, which means you can bypass Guest Relations and go straight to the parks! Simply fill out the “Your Florida Resident Information” form upon check-out when you purchase tickets through Disneyworld.com or complete the “Customize Your Tickets” step when you purchase through the My Disney Experience app.If you do not have one of the IDs indicated above, then you must provide one of the following—dated within the past 2 months—evidencing a Florida residential address, along with a corresponding picture ID (passport, driver's license, state identification card):Proof of Current Mortgage, You may use a monthly mortgage statement from within the past 2 months; it may not be more than 2 months old. Deeds, mortgage contracts, mortgage payment booklets and leases are not accepted.Bills, Policies or Registration, Current homeowner's insurance policy or bill, Current automobile registration, insurance policy or bill, Current Utility bill (power / phone / cable / water), Bills can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Mail, Mail from financial institutions, including checking, savings or investment account statements, Mail from federal, state, county or city government agencies, Mail can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Additional members of the same household must only provide proof of same residential address.Current statements and bills printed from electronic versions are accepted, along with electronic bills provided via smart phones and tablet devices.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What procedures do you have in place to minimize the spread of illness at Walt Disney World Resort?
As part of our commitment to the health and safety of our Guests, Cast Members and the larger community, we have high standards for sanitation and employ robust cleaning procedures, such as:Training for Cast Members, with ongoing reinforcement on a regular basis, Defined cycles for frequent enhanced cleaning of targeted areas, Easy access to handwashing facilities and hand sanitizer dispensers, Quick response to spills, trash and other situations, End of day sanitation procedures for restroom, kitchen, and other facilities, Frequent cleaning and “wash down” of outdoor locations, including walkways and queues, We also offer first-aid centers,  to assist with minor health issues and offer preventive health services to our Cast Members, such as free vaccinations and online wellness clinics and pharmacies. Additionally, our onsite health teams and leaders routinely communicate with our Cast Members about illness prevention.We actively monitor public health situations, making critical and timely decisions based on guidance from local, national and international health agencies.
Are there height requirements for attractions at Walt Disney World theme parks and water parks?
Yes. While most attractions and rides are available to Guests of all heights, some experiences at Walt Disney World theme parks and water parks do have minimum height requirements—and a few have maximum height requirements.Explore height requirements for most attractions and rides at Walt Disney World Resort:Magic Kingdom Park, Astro Orbiter,  – Any height, The Barnstormer,  – Guests must be 35 inches (89 centimeters) or taller, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, Buzz Lightyear’s Space Ranger Spin,  – Any height, Casey Jr. Splash ‘N’ Soak Station,  – Any height, Country Bear Jamboree,  – Any height, Dumbo the Flying Elephant,  – Any height, Enchanted Tales with Belle,  – Any height, Frontierland Shootin’ Arcade,  – Any height, The Hall of Presidents,  – Any height, Haunted Mansion,  – Any height, “it’s a small world”,  – Any height, Jungle Cruise,  – Any height, Liberty Square Riverboat,  – Any height, Mad Tea Party,  – Any height, The Magic Carpets of Aladdin,  – Any height, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh,  – Any height, Mickey’s PhilharMagic,  – Any height, Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor,  – Any height, Peter Pan’s Flight,  – Any height, A Pirate’s Adventure ~ Treasures of the Seven Seas,  – Any height, Pirates of the Caribbean,  – Any height, Prince Charming Regal Carrousel,  – Any height, Seven Dwarfs Mine Train,  – Guests must be 38 inches (97 centimeters) or taller, Space Mountain,  – Guests must be 44 inches (113 centimeters) or taller, Splash Mountain,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, Swiss Family Treehouse,  – Any height, Tomorrowland Speedway,  – Guests must be 32 inches (82 centimeters) or taller, Tomorrowland Transit Authority PeopleMover,  – Any height, Tom Sawyer Island,  – Any height, Under the Sea ~ Journey of the Little Mermaid,  – Any height, Walt Disney’s Carousel of Progress,  – Any height, Walt Disney’s Enchanted Tiki Room,  – Any height, Walt Disney World Railroad,  – Any height, Epcot, Advanced Training Lab,  – Any height, The American Adventure,  – Any height, Disney & Pixar Short Film Festival,  – Any height, Frozen Ever After,  – Any height, Gran Fiesta Tour Starring The Three Caballeros,  – Any height, Impressions de France,  – Any height, Journey Into Imagination With Figment,  – Any height, Living with the Land,  – Any height, Mission: SPACE,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, O Canada!,  – Any height, Reflections of China,  – Any height, The Seas with Nemo & Friends,  – Any height, Soarin’ Around the World,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, Spaceship Earth,  – Any height, Test Track,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, Turtle Talk With Crush,  – Any height, Disney’s Hollywood Studios, Alien Swirling Saucers,  – Guests must be 32 inches (81 centimeters) or taller, Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run,  – Guests must be 38" (97 cm) or taller, Muppet*Vision 3D,  – Any height, Rock ‘n’ Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or taller, Slinky Dog Dash,  – Guests must be 38 inches (97 centimeters) or taller, Star Tours – The Adventures Continue,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  – Guests must be 40" (102 cm) or taller, Toy Story Mania!,  – Any height, The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror™,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, Disney’s Animal Kingdom Park, Affection Section,  – Any height, Avatar Flight of Passage,  – Guests must be 44 inches (112 centimeters) or taller, The Boneyard,  – Any height, Conservation Station,  – Any height, DINOSAUR,  – Guests must be 40 inches (102 centimeters) or taller, Discovery Island Trails,  – Any height, Expedition Everest - Legend of the Forbidden Mountain,  – Guests must be 44 inches (113 centimeters) or taller, Gorilla Falls Exploration Trail,  – Any height, It’s Tough to be a Bug!,  – Any height, Kali River Rapids,  – Guests must be 38 inches (97 centimeters) or taller, Kilimanjaro Safaris,  – Any height, Maharajah Jungle Trek,  – Any height, Na’vi River Journey,  – Any height, Primeval Whirl,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or taller, Tree of Life,  – Any height, TriceraTop Spin,  – Any height, Wildlife Express Train,  – Any height, Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon Water Park, Bay Slides,  – Guests must be 60 inches (152 centimeters) or shorter, Castaway Creek,  – Any height, Crush ‘n’ Gusher,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or taller, Gangplank Falls,  – Any height, Humunga Kowabunga,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or taller, Keelhaul Falls,  – Any height, Ketchakiddee Creek,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or shorter, Mayday Falls,  – Any height, Miss Adventure Falls,  – Any height, Storm Slides,  – Any height, Typhoon Lagoon Surf Pool,  – Any height, Disney’s Blizzard Beach Water Park, Chairlift,  – Guests must be 32 inches (82 centimeters) or taller, Cross Country Creek,  – Any height, Downhill Double Dipper,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or taller, Melt-Away Bay,  – Any height, Runoff Rapids,  – Any height, Ski Patrol Training Camp,  – Any height, Slush Gusher,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or taller, Snow Stormers,  – Any height, Summit Plummet,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or taller, Teamboat Springs,  – Any height, Tike’s Peak,  – Guests must be 48 inches (122 centimeters) or shorter, Toboggan Racers,  – Any height, View a list of attractions that are available to Guests of any height.
Can food products from home be prepared by Disney chefs or Cast Members?
No. Our chefs and other Cast Members may not prepare, cook, heat or reheat any food items brought in by our Guests.However, if you have special dietary requests, we will work with you to try and meet your needs. Learn more about Special Dietary Requests. 
Which Walt Disney World Interstate exit should I take?
Each of these exits from Interstate 4 will take you to different parts of Walt Disney World Resort. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some highlights for each exit:Exit 67, Attractions: Epcot, Disney Springs Area, Disney's BoardWalk and Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park, Epcot Resort Area: Disney's Yacht Club Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Resort, Disney's BoardWalk Inn and Villas, Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, Walt Disney World Swan and Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotels and Disney's Fantasia Gardens Miniature Golf Course, Disney Springs Resort Area: Disney's Old Key West Resort, Disney's Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter, Disney's Port Orleans Resort – Riverside and Lake Buena Vista Golf Course, Exit 65, Attractions: Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney's Animal Kingdom Park, ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex and Disney’s Blizzard Beach Water Park, Disney's Animal Kingdom Resort Area: Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort, Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Disney's Coronado Springs Resort, Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge and Villas, Disney's Pop Century Resort and Disney's Winter Summerland Miniature Golf Course, Exit 64, Attractions: Magic Kingdom Park, Magic Kingdom Resort Area: Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Magnolia Golf Course, Oak Trail Golf Course, Palm Golf Course and Disney's Wedding Pavilion
Are kosher meals available at Walt Disney World Resort?
Yes. Kosher meals can be accommodated at all table-service and select quick-service restaurants. Kosher meals should be requested 24 hours in advance by calling (407) 824-1391. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. Also be sure to indicate any dietary requirements upon arrival at your dining location. Please know there may be a higher wait time due to the special care we take to provide a kosher meal.
I lost a personal item on a recent vacation at Walt Disney World Resort. Who should I contact to see if it was found?
Please notify us online of your lost item, . This will allow the Disney team to start looking for your item. Once you fill out the online form you will receive an email notification with your Lost Item claim number. Our team will continue to look for your item and provide you with an email update within 48 hours. We recognize your item is important to you and will contact you if we believe we have found it or need further information.
When can I use my theme park ticket?
Walt Disney World Resort theme park tickets are valid for admission beginning on the selected start date and must be used within the valid use period provided at the time of purchase. Here are the details:1-day,  – The ticket expires on the selected start date.2-day,  – The ticket expires 4 days after the selected start date.3-day,  – The ticket expires 5 days after the selected start date.4-day,  – The ticket expires 7 days after the selected start date.5-day,  – The ticket expires 8 days after the selected start date.6-day,  – The ticket expires 9 days after the selected start date.7-day,  – The ticket expires 10 days after the selected start date.8-day,  – The ticket expires 12 days after the selected start date.9-day,  – The ticket expires 13 days after the selected start date.10-day,  – The ticket expires 14 days after the selected start date.For example, a 6-day base ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 9.Selection of the Park Hopper Option,  for same-day admission to more than one theme park is subject to the validity windows listed above.Selection of the Water Park and Sports Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with admission to one theme park per day—adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Water Park and Sports Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Selection of the Park Hopper Plus Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with same-day admission to more than one theme park— adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Park Hopper Plus Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Disney Theme Park Tickets Purchased as Part of a Walt Disney Travel Company Package, Tickets purchased as part of a Walt Disney Travel Company room and ticket package are valid for admission beginning on the date of check-in and must be used by the date of check-out, or in accordance with the validity windows listed above—whichever period is longer.Learn more about tickets.Additional Ticket Information, The amount paid for an unused, expired ticket may be applied towards the purchase of a new ticket at the current price so long as the new ticket purchase price is equal to or greater than the amount paid for the original ticket.Unless otherwise stated, tickets are not valid for separately priced activities or events. Admission is subject to capacity closures and to other restrictions.Purchasing Tickets, Don’t have theme park tickets yet? Purchase your tickets now.
Where can I find Disney Characters?
One of the best ways to see Disney Characters is to make reservations at a restaurant with Character Dining. Character Dining meals are very popular, so book your reservations early!, Theme parks are also home to attractions,  and entertainment,  that feature Disney Characters. Plus, you never know who you might find when you visit the parks—check the printed Guidemap for additional Character Greeting locations.
I’m an Annual Passholder. How often will I receive the Mickey Monitor newsletter?
The Mickey Monitor newsletter is mailed out every February, May, August and November, and each edition includes additional benefits and program updates.  Remember: only one newsletter will be sent per active Walt Disney World Passholder household, and is exclusively available in the United States and Puerto Rico.
What is the minimum age requirement for unaccompanied children to enter Walt Disney World theme parks, water parks and other locations?
Children under age 14 must be accompanied by a Guest age 14 or older to enter the following Walt Disney World parks and locations:Magic Kingdom Park, Epcot, Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney's Animal Kingdom Park, Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park, Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park, If you’re planning on some adults-only time at Walt Disney World Resort, we offer childcare service,  and Children's Activity Centers,  to provide you with the flexibility to enjoy your vacation as you wish.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I purchased tickets to a special event—like Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party or Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party—and selected Print at Home eTickets as the delivery method, but I never received the tickets. Who should I contact?
We apologize that you did not receive your eTicket. When you purchased your tickets from disneyworld.com, you should have been given the option to print or download the tickets as PDF files, . The PDF files should also have been emailed to you. Please double check your computer and email to make sure you do not already have the ticket files.If you’ve confirmed that you do not have a copy of the ticket files, please visit any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window or Disney Springs , Guest Relations.
I ordered tickets, but they did not arrive as scheduled. Who should I contact?
Email ticket.inquiries@disneyworld.com,  or call (407) 566-4985. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Although Walt Disney World Resort can sometimes get your order to you faster than the required number of days, 14 days is allotted for the processing, handling and shipping of your tickets.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How are mosquitoes controlled on Walt Disney World property?
We have an extensive mosquito prevention and monitoring program across property.
Can I use more than one credit card to purchase tickets on disneyworld.com? 
You are only able to use one credit card per transaction.Purchases on disneyworld.com may be made with the following forms of payment: , Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card, Diners Club Charge Card, JCB (Japan Credit Bureau), Disney Gift Card, Disney Rewards Dollars, Disney® Visa® Card , Disney® Visa® Card is available to United States residents only.
How do I find my way around when I’m in the parks?
The Walt Disney World theme parks are dynamic places filled with unbelievable sights and sounds. They are carefully designed to let you wander, explore and enjoy yourself. However, sometimes you’ll want to find a particular location. Here are some tips to help you find your way.Online Maps, Interactive maps,  are available online for you to familiarize yourself with Walt Disney World Resort before your visit. If your smart phone has GPS capabilities, our interactive maps will even show you where you are currently located at Walt Disney World Resort. In addition to our online maps, interactive maps are also available on our My Disney Experience mobile app, , which is available on many popular smart phones or tablets.Our interactive maps include theme parks, water parks, Disney Resort hotels, golf courses, attractions, shopping, dining, entertainment and Guest Services. Physical Maps, Be sure to pick up a complimentary paper Guidemap at each park’s Main Entrance. If you’ve forgotten to get one or you’ve lost your map, they are available at select shops and Guest Relations locations inside the parks.Ask a Cast Member, When you need directions, please do not hesitate to ask the nearest Cast Member for help. They are available to point you in the right direction and help answer your questions.
A hurricane warning has been issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I did not book my package through the Walt Disney Travel Company. Does the Walt Disney Travel Company cancellation policy apply to my package too?
No. You should contact your travel agent or tour operator directly for information relating to the cancellation and change policies that apply to your package.
Are any attractions scheduled to be under refurbishment when I visit?
View our interactive park hours calendar to see what attractions are scheduled for refurbishment.Unfortunately, while we work hard to provide the best experience possible, attractions may not always be operational. To learn about any unplanned closures or long-term refurbishments, please check the individual page for each attraction on our website or mobile app, or refer to the times guides—available at all Disney theme parks—upon your arrival.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How can I determine if a promotional offer is still available?
View the current special offers for Walt Disney World tickets, Disney Resort hotels, vacation packages and more.If you do not see the offer that you are looking for, but you believe that it may still be valid, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Some offers may be specific to you—for example, if you received an offer by mail or email. If you are inquiring about such an offer, please follow the instructions related to the offer.
Can I bring my own food into theme parks and water parks?
Guests are allowed to bring outside food and nonalcoholic beverage items into the park for self-consumption, provided they are not in glass containers and do not require heating, reheating, processing, refrigeration or temperature control and do not have pungent odors. Inform a Security Cast Member of any food items when you enter the park.The Walt Disney World Resort features a variety of great dining options,  for almost every taste and budget—including a wide range of choices to help accommodate Guests with Special Dietary Requests.Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Are there height requirements for the 2 attractions within Pandora – The World of Avatar?
At Pandora – The World of Avatar, , our family-friendly Na’vi River Journey,  has no height restrictions, while the thrilling Avatar Flight of Passage,  does require riders to be at least 44 inches tall—which is comparable to the height requirement for Expedition Everest - Legend of the Forbidden Mountain.Learn more about Pandora – The World of Avatar.
Other than attractions, what else does Pandora – The World of Avatar offer? 
Pandora – The World of Avatar,  is a fully immersive land featuring unique food offerings in the fast-casual restaurant Satu’li Canteen, , highly-themed merchandise in the Windtraders,  shop, floating mountains and interactive elements, and a bioluminescent jungle that glows at night.Learn more about Pandora – The World of Avatar.
What procedures do you have in place to ensure the cleanliness of Walt Disney World Resort?
From the very beginning, Walt Disney made cleanliness an important part of the Disney experience. We have high standards for cleaning and sanitation, with health and safety protocols such as:Training for Cast Members, with ongoing reinforcement on a regular basis, Defined cycles for frequent enhanced cleaning of targeted areas, Easy access to handwashing facilities and hand sanitizer dispensers, Quick response to spills, trash and other situations, End of day sanitation procedures for restroom, kitchen, and other facilities, Frequent cleaning and “wash down” of outdoor locations, including walkways and queues, Learn more about public health and hygiene practices at Walt Disney World Resort.
Does the Park Hopper Option provide admission to the water parks?
No. Disney Theme Park Tickets,  with the Park Hopper Option do not include admission to the Disney water parks—, Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park,  and Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park.However, Disney Theme Park Tickets with the Water Park and Sports Option or Park Hopper Plus Option do include a certain number of admissions to the water parks—based on the number of days in your ticket or package. If you wish to visit a Disney water park, we recommend that you add the Water Park and Sports Option or Park Hopper Plus Option to your ticket. Individual admission tickets are also available at the Main Entrance of each water park.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Do Annual Passholders receive discounts on theme park or water park tickets for other people?
View the latest Passholder discounts—including the complete terms for booking and redeeming discounts.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I rent a wheelchair or ECV during my visit to Walt Disney World Resort? 
Yes. Wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs) are available for rental at most Walt Disney World destinations, , including our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs.Before your next visit, be sure to learn more about wheelchair rentals,  or ECV rentals.Please note: wheelchair and ECV quantities are limited and subject to availability.
How much does it cost to park at the parks?
Check out the variety of parking options―including parking at the theme parks―available throughout Walt Disney World Resort.The rate depends on your vehicle type, but each theme park lot charges the same rate per day. Once you pay for the day, you may park at any of the other theme parks.If you are a Guest staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you receive complimentary standard parking at Disney theme parks for the length of your Resort stay. You must present valid Disney Resort hotel identification to enter the parking lots. Complimentary standard theme park parking is also included with select annual passes.Prices subject to change without notice.
I will be visiting multiple Disney theme parks on the same day. Do I have to pay for parking at each theme park?
No. If you pay for parking at one Disney theme park, you may park at other Disney theme parks on the same day for no additional charge.If your ticket has the Park Hopper Option, you can also use the complimentary Walt Disney World transportation system,  to visit our other theme parks.If you are a Guest staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you receive complimentary standard parking at Disney theme parks for the length of your Resort hotel stay. You must present valid Disney Resort hotel identification to enter the parking lots.Standard theme park parking is also complimentary with select Annual Passes.Check out the variety of parking options available throughout Walt Disney World Resort.
What special benefits do I get with a Walt Disney World annual pass?
The specific discounts and benefits that you receive depend on which pass,  you purchase. Benefits may include:Complimentary standard parking at Walt Disney World theme parks, Disney PhotoPass downloads, Dining benefits and discounts, Merchandise discounts, Sports and recreation discounts, Tour discounts, Event and entertainment ticket discounts, Benefits and discounts are subject to availability and change.We have recently introduced a whole new set of passes, designed to offer a wider variety of options and entitlements to better fit your needs. If you purchased your current pass before October 4, 2015, your current pass has not changed and your existing benefits,  will remain valid through your pass expiration date. Please continue to enjoy your pass as you always have.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I’m a Florida resident and I purchased an Annual Pass with the Monthly Payment Program. Can I pay off my balance at any time?
Yes. If you are a Florida Resident and purchased an annual pass using the monthly payment program, you may pay off your balance in its entirety at any time without penalty by calling Passholder Payment Services at (888) 701-4100. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You can also pay at the ticket booth of any theme park in Walt Disney World Resort or at Disney Springs Guest Relations.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
I purchased an Annual Pass using the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents. Can I change my credit or debit card on file during the payment period?
Yes. You can change the card used for your monthly payments at any time by visiting a Walt Disney World Guest Relations location or by contacting Passholder Payment Services at (888) 701-4100. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are issued a new card during the payment period, be sure to update your card on file.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
Can I use my own wheelchair in the theme parks?
Yes. You may use your own wheelchair at all Walt Disney World theme parks. Wheelchairs are also available for rental.Learn more about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
What proof of residence will I need to provide in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass?
You’ll need to provide proof of a Florida residential address in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass. For each ticket or pass purchased for an adult, you may provide any of the following:Valid Florida driver’s license (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida state-issued ID card (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida-based military ID, *For your convenience, Florida residents with any of the above listed identification can now verify their residency online, which means you can bypass Guest Relations and go straight to the parks! Simply fill out the “Your Florida Resident Information” form upon check-out when you purchase tickets through Disneyworld.com or complete the “Customize Your Tickets” step when you purchase through the My Disney Experience app.If you do not have one of the IDs indicated above, then you must provide one of the following—dated within the past 2 months—evidencing a Florida residential address, along with a corresponding picture ID (passport, driver's license, state identification card):Proof of Current Mortgage, You may use a monthly mortgage statement from within the past 2 months; it may not be more than 2 months old. Deeds, mortgage contracts, mortgage payment booklets and leases are not accepted.Bills, Policies or Registration, Current homeowner's insurance policy or bill, Current automobile registration, insurance policy or bill, Current Utility bill (power / phone / cable / water), Bills can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Mail, Mail from financial institutions, including checking, savings or investment account statements, Mail from federal, state, county or city government agencies, Mail can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Additional members of the same household must only provide proof of same residential address.Current statements and bills printed from electronic versions are accepted, along with electronic bills provided via smart phones and tablet devices.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What is a quick-service restaurant?
A Walt Disney World quick-service restaurant offers great food and fast service. They are generally either cafeteria-style or counter-service venues. You order or take the food items that you want, pay for your food and sit down to enjoy your meal.In addition to quick-service restaurants, Walt Disney World Resort features a diverse selection of casual dining and fine dining restaurants that offer sit-down meals with table service. Most casual dining and fine dining restaurants take reservations, , but quick-service restaurants do not.View all quick-service restaurants.
What is the best way to dress for a visit to the parks?
We suggest you dress comfortably, wear good walking shoes and check the local weather report before you leave for the parks at Walt Disney World Resort.Face coverings are required for all Guests (ages 2 and up) and must be worn in all public areas, except while swimming or seated for dining. Please review important guidelines and requirements for face coverings.Proper attire, including shoes and shirts, must be worn at all times. The parks are a casual, family-oriented environment. Ensuring that the parks are family-friendly is an important part of the Disney experience. In that spirit, we ask you to use your discretion and common sense.Inappropriate Attire, Attire that is not appropriate for the parks—and which may result in refusal of admittance—includes but is not limited to:Costumes may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older; however, some costumes may be permitted during select special events, such as Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party, Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party,  and Disney Villains After Hours.While costumes may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older, some outfits inspired by Star Wars,  may be permitted. Learn more about dressing for Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge, Masks may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older (unless they are for medical or Guest safety,  purposes); however, some masks may be permitted during select special events such as Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party, , Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party,  and Disney Villains After Hours.Clothing with objectionable material, including obscene language or graphics, Excessively torn clothing, Clothing which, by nature, exposes excessive portions of the skin that may be viewed as inappropriate for a family environment, Clothing with multiple layers are subject to search upon entry, Objectionable tattoos, Dressing for Special Events, Please note these specific costume guidelines for Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party, Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party,  and Disney Villains After Hours, . These specific costume guidelines are also applicable September 15 – October 31, 2020 at Magic Kingdom Park during regular park hours.While we encourage creativity, we also value safety and good judgment. If you’re planning to attend these special events, take a moment to read over our latest rules and regulations:General, Disney reserves the right to deny admission to or remove any person wearing attire that is considered inappropriate or attire that could detract from the experience of other Guests.All Guests may dress as their favorite character, but may not pose for pictures or sign autographs for other Guests.Costumes must be family-friendly and may not be obstructive, offensive, objectionable or violent.Costumes may not contain any weapons that resemble or could easily be mistaken for an actual weapon.Costumes may not contain sharp objects, pointed objects or materials that may accidentally strike another Guest.Guests who do not adhere to these guidelines may be refused entry into, and/or removed from Disney parks, unless his or her costume can be modified to meet the above standards.For Guests ages 13 and under:Costumes and some masks may be worn, as long as the mask does not cover the entire face and provide unobstructed peripheral vision at all times with openings that allow the eyes to be fully seen.For Guests ages 14 and older:Layered costumes or costume props that surround the entire body are strongly discouraged and may be subject to additional security screening.Costumes may not reach or drag on the ground. (for example, full-length Princess dresses) , Capes may be worn if the length does not go below the waist. , Themed T-shirts, blouses, sweatshirts and hats are acceptable. , Acceptable accessories include: transparent wings, plastic light sabers, toy swords and tutus. Headwear may be worn as long as it does not cover the face. , Masks of any kind may not be worn (, unless they are for medical or Guest safety purposes), Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Property Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I purchased an annual pass online. Where do I redeem my certificate?
Bring a printed copy of your certificate along with a photo ID to any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window for redemption. If you purchased an annual pass or used our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, you will also need to bring proof of Florida residency.Each Passholder will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase an annual pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
When can I renew my Annual Pass?
You can renew your Annual Pass up to 60 days before and 30 days after the pass expiration date. Keep in mind that your renewed Annual Pass will expire one year from your Anniversary Date, regardless of when you actually renew.There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
Do Annual Passholders receive any special discounts?
Yes, Passholders enjoy exclusive events, special offers and valuable discounts on select options including dining, merchandise, recreation, tours and more. View annual pass benefits and discounts.A complete list of discounts, benefits, special offers and services for Walt Disney World Passholders is also available at all Disney theme park Guest Relations locations.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What restaurants are located within Walt Disney World Resort?
From fine dining to quick snacks, Walt Disney World Resort offers dining options for everyone! Enjoy American classics,  as well as international cuisines such as Italian, Chinese, German, Japanese, African, Mexican and French, . Plus, we offer unique dinner shows,  and special Character Dining,  opportunities!,  View an interactive list of the diverse restaurants available at Walt Disney World Resort.
What types of personal items are not permitted inside the theme parks?
For a list of prohibited items we ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update these rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I have a condition that I feel may make it advisable for me to avoid certain attractions. Do you provide restrictions and advisories for attractions?
Yes. Consult the signage posted at our attractions—which includes height requirements, health and safety advisories, and accessibility guidelines. Restrictions and advisories are also listed on individual attraction pages,  on disneyworld.com. , Please use caution when visiting Walt Disney World Resort if you are aware of a specific health condition. Some experiences and attractions may not be appropriate for some Guests with health conditions. , If you think that you might be experiencing any health-related issues, please immediately visit the nearest First Aid station.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I am pregnant. Are there any attractions that I will not be able to experience?
Walt Disney World Resort offers many shows and attractions,  that expectant mothers may not be able to experience. Be sure to consult the signage posted at each attraction—which includes height requirements, health and safety advisories, and accessibility guidelines.For information on attractions, entertainment and more that expectant mothers can enjoy at Walt Disney World Resort, please call (407) 939-5277. Guest under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Why have you updated your rules and policies?
These updates are intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits by, among other things, easing guest flow and reducing congestion.What is changing?, For a complete list of property rules, please visit Disneyworld.com/rules.Key policy changes, which are designed to, among other things, help improve guest flow, ease congestion and make the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits include:Smoking areas will no longer be present in our domestic theme parks, water parks and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex. Guests may use designated smoking areas outside of the parks, at Disney Resort hotels and at Disney Springs.Strollers must be 31” (79cm) wide and 52” (132cm) long or smaller.As a reminder, wagons are not permitted in our parks. Stroller wagons will also no longer be permitted.Loose and dry ice is not permitted in our parks. Reusable ice packs are recommended.Why is smoking no longer allowed at Walt Disney World Resort theme parks, water parks and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?, Walt Disney World Resort makes updates from time to time and the removal of smoking areas is intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits.Are electronic cigarettes and vaping permitted at Walt Disney World Resort?, Smoking and vaping are only permitted in designated smoking areas.Where can guests smoke?, Guests may smoke in designated areas located outside the park entry points and in specified areas at Disney Resort hotels and Disney Springs. , Why are you reducing the size of strollers and prohibiting wagons in your theme parks and water parks?, Walt Disney World Resort makes updates from time to time, and the reduction of stroller sizes is intended to ease guest flow and reduce congestion, making the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits. Many strollers, including many double jogging strollers, fit within these guidelines.Are stroller-wagons permitted?, Stroller wagons, whether pushed or pulled, will not be permitted at any theme park or water park or at indoor venues at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex.What if my stroller is larger than the size allowed?, Strollers are available for rent at the parks. Guests who have additional questions on the stroller policy may visit Guest Relations for more information.How do I ensure my stroller falls within the size guidelines?, Strollers should be no larger than 31” (79 cm) wide and 52” (132cm) long when measured across the widest and longest points.Why is loose or dry ice not permitted in your parks?, In order to improve guest flow, ease congestion and streamline the bag-check and entry processes, loose and dry ice is not permitted. Reusable ice packs are recommended.What happens if I need ice for baby food, medicine, or some other item?, Reusable ice packs are recommended. Cups of ice are available at no charge at Food & Beverage locations.Where can guests with disabilities find more information on the rule and policy updates?, Nothing has changed about how we make accommodations for guests with disabilities. Meeting their needs is extremely important to us. Guests with disabilities who have questions or concerns about any of the updates may visit Guest Relations or contact Disability.Services@DisneyParks.com,  or 407-560-2547 to address their needs.
What security measures do you have in place?
We have a comprehensive approach to security that includes measures that are visible and others that are not. We do not broadly discuss the specifics of our security procedures to avoid compromising their effectiveness.The visible security measures at our theme parks and resort hotels include the presence of uniformed police officers, using specially trained hazard detection canines to help patrol our parks and resorts, bag checks at our theme park entrances and security kiosks at our resort hotels.In December 2015, we implemented additional security measures, including randomly selecting Guests for a secondary screening using metal detectors at our theme park entrances.
Can I purchase theme park merchandise online?
Yes, you can easily shop the largest selection of authentic Disney theme park merchandise via the shopDisney app, ―or peruse a curated collection on the shopDisney online shop.Use either portal to browse a variety of products, including apparel, toys, collectibles, decor and some of the newest arrivals created especially for Disney Parks.When purchasing items from the app, you can have packages shipped directly to your home or to select Walt Disney World Resort hotels.
What areas of Walt Disney World Resort permit smoking?
Walt Disney World theme parks, water parks, ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex and Disney resort hotels are smoke-free environments except for designated smoking areas.At Disney Resort hotels, , smoking is permitted in designated outdoor smoking areas. Smoking is not permitted in guest rooms or on balconies. Guests can request location information at the hotel Front Desk.If you have questions about our smoking policy or wish to locate the nearest designated smoking area, please visit our Designated Smoking Areas page,  or ask a Disney Cast Member.Marijuana, Smoking marijuana is not permitted at any time in Disney Resort hotels, even in designated smoking areas.Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Rules, We regularly update our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Can I smoke on the patio or balcony of my Disney Resort hotel room?
No. Guests may not smoke in their Disney Resort hotel rooms, on patios or on balconies. Each Disney Resort hotel features designated outdoor smoking areas.If you have questions about our smoking policy or wish to locate the nearest designated smoking area, please visit our Designated Smoking Areas page,  or ask a Disney Cast Member.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
How is the Disney Resort hotel smoke-free policy enforced?
To cover the costs of cleaning and restoring the room to a smoke-free condition, a US $250 to US $500 room recovery fee plus tax (based on the Disney Resort hotel and room type) will be charged to Guests who smoke in hotel rooms, on balconies or on patios.Each Disney Resort hotel features designated outdoor smoking areas. The Concierge and Front Desk are available to direct you to the nearest smoking location.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
I received a special offer when I booked my vacation with the Walt Disney Travel Company. If a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I reschedule, will I get the same special offer?
Cast Members will be able to reschedule your vacation to your new desired travel dates if the same special offer is available. If the same special offer is not available Cast Members will assist by identifying alternate offers during your new desired travel dates. All amounts you paid to the Walt Disney Travel Company for rooms, park tickets, dining plans and other Disney products and services will be applied toward your new reservation.Any discounts or special offers applicable to your original confirmed vacation may not apply to the rescheduled vacation travel dates. You are responsible for applicable package pricing for the new vacation dates.
How do I get to ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?
ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex is a part of Walt Disney World Resort. View the complimentary transportation options for getting to ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex for Guests staying at a Disney Resort hotel.  Driving If you have a vehicle, you can drive to the complex. General parking is free and valet parking is available on select event dates for a fee. View ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex on an interactive map.  Address ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex 700 S. Victory Way Kissimmee, FL 34747 
Is food available at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?
Yes. You can choose to dine at either the ESPN Wide World of Sports Grill,  or at our snack and beverage concession locations.Learn more about ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex. 
Do I need to purchase an admission ticket to attend an event at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?
Yes. Most ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex events do require the purchase of an admission ticket.Admission to some events may be included if you purchase a Park Hopper Plus Option with your Disney Theme Park Ticket.Learn more about ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex.
If a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I have a sports or group package, does the Walt Disney Travel Company hurricane cancellation policy apply to my package?
The policy only applies to Walt Disney Travel Company Magic Your Way Packages, as well as rooms and packages for sports groups.The policy does not apply to rooms or packages for youth groups, other groups and special events. It also does not apply to meetings and conventions.
My Annual Pass will expire soon. Is there a discount for renewing?
Yes. As a courtesy, we offer a discount for renewing your Walt Disney World Annual Pass up to 30 days after your Anniversary Date.There are 3 convenient ways to renew your Annual Pass:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I ordered theme park tickets from disneyworld.com and selected standard shipping. The site said that my order will arrive in 14 days. Will my tickets actually come in less time?
Although Walt Disney World Resort can sometimes get your order to you faster than the required number of days, 14 days is allotted for the processing, handling and shipping of your tickets.If you need tickets in less than 14 days, you may purchase your tickets when you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort.
What are the rules for using strollers at Walt Disney World Resort?
The following guidelines apply to the use of personal and rented strollers at Walt Disney World Resort:Strollers larger than 31” (79 cm) in width and 52” (132cm) in length are not permitted. Stroller wagons are also not permitted.Strollers are not allowed on escalators. Use of strollers is permitted on elevators and ramps, available at certain locations.A child must be removed from his or her stroller while riding on a parking lot tram.Do not leave personal belongings in an unattended stroller.Strollers may be moved by a Cast Member due to operational needs.Learn about renting strollers,  and browse the many other Guest Services,  offered at Walt Disney World Resort.Please Check Our Park Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Property Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our park rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Are there height requirements for the attractions within Toy Story Land?
Yes. As you plan your visit to Toy Story Land at Disney’s Hollywood Studios, please be aware of height requirements for the following attractions:Alien Swirling Saucers,  – Guests must be 32 inches (81 centimeters) or taller, Slinky Dog Dash,  – Guests must be 38 inches (97 centimeters) or taller, There are no height requirements for Toy Story Mania!, Learn more about Toy Story Land.
Are theme park tickets transferable? May I give them to someone else to use the remaining days?
No. Once a person uses a Disney Theme Park Ticket, , all subsequent admissions are specific to that person and cannot be transferred to anyone else.If you have not yet used a ticket, you may transfer it to another person. , You may also buy a new theme park ticket online,  or at the theme park Main Entrance.Please Check Our Park Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort park rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our park rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Do the Disney theme parks offer translation devices? 
Yes. Translation devices are available for Guests with limited English fluency. On select attractions, these devices allow Guests to hear a translation of the experience. Guests may choose from 1 of the 5 languages: French, German, Japanese, Portuguese or Spanish.The devices are called Ears to the World, Disney's Show Translator, and they are available at the Guest Relations location in each park.In addition, theme park Guidemaps are available in many different languages.  Learn more about Ears to the World, Disney's Show Translator.
When can I use my theme park ticket?
Walt Disney World Resort theme park tickets are valid for admission beginning on the selected start date and must be used within the valid use period provided at the time of purchase. Here are the details:1-day,  – The ticket expires on the selected start date.2-day,  – The ticket expires 4 days after the selected start date.3-day,  – The ticket expires 5 days after the selected start date.4-day,  – The ticket expires 7 days after the selected start date.5-day,  – The ticket expires 8 days after the selected start date.6-day,  – The ticket expires 9 days after the selected start date.7-day,  – The ticket expires 10 days after the selected start date.8-day,  – The ticket expires 12 days after the selected start date.9-day,  – The ticket expires 13 days after the selected start date.10-day,  – The ticket expires 14 days after the selected start date.For example, a 6-day base ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 9.Selection of the Park Hopper Option,  for same-day admission to more than one theme park is subject to the validity windows listed above.Selection of the Water Park and Sports Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with admission to one theme park per day—adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Water Park and Sports Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Selection of the Park Hopper Plus Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with same-day admission to more than one theme park— adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Park Hopper Plus Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Disney Theme Park Tickets Purchased as Part of a Walt Disney Travel Company Package, Tickets purchased as part of a Walt Disney Travel Company room and ticket package are valid for admission beginning on the date of check-in and must be used by the date of check-out, or in accordance with the validity windows listed above—whichever period is longer.Learn more about tickets.Additional Ticket Information, The amount paid for an unused, expired ticket may be applied towards the purchase of a new ticket at the current price so long as the new ticket purchase price is equal to or greater than the amount paid for the original ticket.Unless otherwise stated, tickets are not valid for separately priced activities or events. Admission is subject to capacity closures and to other restrictions.Purchasing Tickets, Don’t have theme park tickets yet? Purchase your tickets now.
How can I determine the number of days remaining on a theme park ticket?
When you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort, please show your ticket to a Cast Member at any of the following locations:Ticket windows at theme parks and water parks, Concierge desks at Disney Resort hotels, Guest Relations at Disney Springs, If you wish to check from home, please email us at ticket.usage@disneyworld.com,  and include the following:Photograph or scan of the front and back of each ticket, Your full name, Where and when ticket was purchased, Purchaser’s name and form of payment, Phone number where you can be reached during the day, Please keep the total email size, including attachments, below 20 MB. To ensure your email is less than 20 MB, you may need to compress your images or send multiple emails.We’ll try to get back to you as soon as possible, but it normally takes 14 business days for a response.
Where can I use Disney Dollars at Walt Disney World Resort?
Disney Dollars are accepted at the following Walt Disney World Resort locations:Ticketing locations, Food and beverage venues, Merchandise locations, Recreation areas, Your Disney Resort hotel Front Desk, Your Disney Resort hotel concierge, Guest Relations at Disney theme parks and water parks, Disney Dollars Are No Longer Available for Purchase, While Disney Dollars are no longer available to purchase, Guests may continue to use previously purchased Disney Dollars at Walt Disney World Resort, the Disneyland Resort,  and select Disney Store locations in the United States.Looking to give a great gift for someone who loves Disney? Please consider giving a Disney Gift Card.
Why are you removing Disney’s Walk Around the World?
We are enhancing the overall Guest arrival experience at each of our Walt Disney World theme parks, which includes new walkways, additional metal detectors and bag screening stations, reconfigured tram loading and unloading zones, and more. We will begin to retire and remove sections of Disney’s Walk Around the World bricks near Magic Kingdom park in early 2019 as we literally pave the way for the future.
I sponsored a brick in Disney’s Walk Around the World. Can I have it?
While we understand how special these bricks are, we are unable to give you the original display brick. They were not designed to be removed individually, and we can’t ensure they will remain intact when removed.
I sponsored a brick in Disney’s Walk Around the World and heard a commemorative version is available at a special price. How can I get it?
Please stop by Guest Relations at Magic Kingdom Park or Disney Springs to verify your previous brick by sharing the name and hometown of the Guest who sponsored it. After that, you will be given a one-time use voucher to present on or before August 31, 2019 at Tomorrowland Light & Power Co. (at Magic Kingdom Park – separate Theme Park admission required) or the Marketplace Co-Op (at Disney Springs), enabling you to purchase one commemorative 6” tile at a special price of $10 (plus tax).You can also email guest.services@disneyworld.com,  or call 407-828-2701 with the name and hometown of the Guest who sponsored the brick, to receive a one-time use code to use on or before August 31, 2019, on shopDisney.com. Please note, this code may not be redeemed in person or at any location.Limit one voucher or code per verified Guest.
Will the commemorative version of my sponsored brick in Disney’s Walk Around the World be available online? Do I have to come to Walt Disney World to get it?
This product may be ordered through shopDisney.com. Guests who sponsored a brick for Disney’s Walk Around the World should first email guest.services@disneyworld.com,  or call (407) 828-2701 by March 31, 2020 for a one-time use code. This will enable them to purchase the 6” brick at a special price of $10, plus tax and shipping. Verification of previous sponsorship is required. Guests under 18 years of age should have parent or guardian permission to call.
What does it mean for my vacation plans if a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date?
If a hurricane warning is issued by the National Hurricane Center for the Orlando area—or for your place of residence—within 7 days of your scheduled arrival date, you may call in advance to reschedule or cancel your Walt Disney Travel Company Disney Resort Hotel Package and most room only reservations (booked directly with Disney) without any cancellation or change fees imposed by Disney.If you have products and services provided by third-party suppliers included in your vacation—such as airlines, hotels, car rental agencies or travel insurance companies—you will continue to be responsible for any non-refundable payments, as well as cancellation or change fees assessed by those suppliers. The policy does not apply to certain special events or dining experiences.This policy also applies to Disney's Vero Beach Resort,  or Disney's Hilton Head Island Resort,  in the event a hurricane warning is issued for those destinations.If you have questions or you wish to reschedule your vacation due to a hurricane warning, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
If I reschedule my vacation to a different date because of a hurricane warning, will I be able to get my same accommodations?
If you are scheduled to arrive within 7 days of a hurricane warning, you may call us in advance to reschedule without a Disney imposed change fee. We cannot guarantee availability of similar accommodations for the new travel dates. All amounts you paid to Disney for rooms, theme park tickets, dining plans and other Disney products and services will be applied toward your new reservation.Any discounts or special offers applicable to your original confirmed vacation will not apply to the rescheduled vacation travel dates. You are responsible for applicable package pricing for the new vacation dates.The policy does not apply to certain special events and dining experiences. 
Does the Walt Disney World Resort bus transportation system accommodate wheelchairs?
Yes. The complimentary Walt Disney World Resort bus transportation system does accommodate wheelchairs. To help us plan ahead, please indicate that you will be traveling with a wheelchair when you book your vacation.Learn more about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.
If I rent a wheelchair or ECV, do I get to keep it for my entire stay?
Wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs) rented at most Walt Disney World destinations, —including our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs, —are only for one specific location and must be returned before exiting.Length-of-stay rental tickets are available for a one-time payment, but wheelchairs or ECVs must still be returned before exiting each location.In addition to our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs, there are also a limited number of wheelchairs available for rental at select Disney Resort hotels; these rentals can be kept for your entire stay.Before your next visit, be sure to learn more about wheelchair rentals,  or ECV rentals.
What is happening related to Zika virus? How can I protect myself?
In an abundance of caution, we are taking additional measures and preventative efforts throughout our property, including providing complimentary insect repellent for Guests and Cast Members. At this time, the Florida Department of Health has reported that there are no reported cases of active transmissions of the Zika virus in the Orlando area and counties surrounding Walt Disney World Resort. Visit Florida Department of Health,  for up-to-date information.The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reports that the best way to prevent mosquito-borne illnesses is by preventing mosquito bites. The CDC encourages the use of protective clothing and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)-registered insect repellents, which are evaluated for effectiveness. The CDC recommends the following:Wear long sleeves, long pants and socks to cover skin, when possible.Use Insect Repellent: Always follow the product label instructions.Reapply insect repellent as directed.Do not spray insect repellent on the skin under clothing. Apply insect repellent to bare skin and clothing.For those using sunscreen, apply sunscreen before applying insect repellent. According to the CDC, insect repellents with DEET, picaridin, oil of lemon eucalyptus, and IR3535 are effective, for adults, when used as directed.For Babies and Children: Always follow instructions when applying insect repellent to children.Do not use insect repellent on babies younger than 2 months old.Do not apply insect repellent onto a child’s hands, eyes, mouth, and cut or irritated skin. Adults: Spray insect repellent onto your hands and then apply to a child’s face.Do not use products containing oil of lemon eucalyptus (OLE) or para-menthane-diol (PMD) on children under 3 years old.Dress your child in clothing that covers arms and legs.Cover crib, stroller, and baby carrier with mosquito netting.For the latest information, check the CDC website: , www.cdc.gov.
Are there height requirements for attractions at 
Yes. As you plan your visit to Star Wars,  : Galaxy’s Edge,  at Disney’s Hollywood Studios, , please be aware of height requirements for the following attractions:Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run,  – Guests must be 38” (97 centimeters) or taller, Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  – Guests must be 40" (102 cm) or taller
What is Bluetooth® Low Energy (BLE) and how is it used at the Walt Disney World Resort?
Bluetooth technology is a communication standard designed for short-range data exchange between devices. You may be familiar with it as it is commonly a feature in mobile phones, smart watches and even cars. BLE is a form of Bluetooth communication that requires only low power consumption, which is ideal for some kinds of device-to-device communication that only require small amounts of information to be sent or received.Select locations throughout the Walt Disney World Resort (the “Resort”) include BLE beacons, which are small radio transmitters. These BLE beacons may communicate with certain other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as mobile phones or “smart” devices that have Bluetooth capability. The exchange of information is designed to allow you to enable certain interactive or personalized experiences and to improve the Guest experience.Guests can visit the Resort without using BLE; however, certain features of the Resort experience are dependent upon BLE, including some personalized offerings. To participate using your Bluetooth-enabled mobile device, (1) download the My Disney Experience,  app or the Play Disney Parks app,  (collectively the “Walt Disney World apps”) to your mobile device; (2) grant the app you are using permission to access your location; and (3) enable Bluetooth services using your device settings. Certain personalized experiences may also require that Guests be signed in to their Disney account on the app. For other BLE-enabled products, including, for example, Astromech Droid Units or Made with Magic Connected Ear Hats, the device will automatically enable the Bluetooth technology when the device is turned on.Guests who have one or more Walt Disney World apps on their mobile devices but do not want to receive interactive or personalized experiences based on interaction with such apps may disable the Bluetooth functionality on their device or disable the location permission for the installed Walt Disney World apps while visiting the Resort. Guests who have the Astromech Droid Units but do not want to receive interactive or personalized experiences based on interactions with the Droid may power off their Droid while visiting the parks. Note that an Astromech Droid Unit may interact with other Astromech Droid Units outside of the Resort if both units are turned on.The BLE beacons are not GPS-based and do not enable collection of continuous location signals.Learn more about what information is collected through your use of Bluetooth Low Energy.Learn more about Privacy and MyMagic+.
What information does the Walt Disney World Resort collect through Bluetooth® Low Energy (BLE) and how is this information used?
BLE beacons at locations within the Walt Disney World Resort (the “Resort”) communicate with the My Disney Experience app,  or the Play Disney Parks app,  (collectively, “Walt Disney World apps”) on your Bluetooth-enabled mobile device and certain other BLE-enabled devices or products, such as the Astromech Droid Units (collectively “your BLE-enabled devices”) to trigger certain effects or experiences on your BLE-enabled devices.In addition, your BLE-enabled devices may also broadcast data that, when received by our BLE beacons, may allow us to provide other interactive or personalized experiences. For example, when you use the Play Disney Parks app at Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge, , certain functions performed with the app may trigger physical effects in the land. Our BLE beacons may also receive data broadcast by your BLE-enabled devices to determine your relative position and enable certain personalized experiences.The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect Guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Will joining the virtual queue be required every day to ride 
Yes. At this time, Guests are required to join the virtual queue to experience Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance, . The goal of the virtual queue is to let you enjoy the rest of Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge,  while you wait to experience the Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance attraction.Please check the , My Disney Experience app,  and digital signage around , Disney's Hollywood Studios,  for details about the virtual queue during your visit.Here’s how to use the virtual queue:First, make sure you have the My Disney Experience,  app, —with push notifications enabled so you receive important updates about the virtual queue, including callback details and daily distribution times.As availability allows, Guests will have an opportunity to join the virtual queue at daily distribution times, which are subject to change. For distribution times, view details about experiencing Star Wars, : Galaxy's Edge.To join, log in to your account at one of the distribution times and select “, Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance Virtual Queue” on the home screen. You will then be able to view the current status and next steps for joining the virtual queue. The app will indicate when there is no availability for a specific distribution time. Some Guests may join backup groups.As long as your My Disney Experience account is linked to your group's park tickets, and everyone has a valid ticket or Annual Pass and a Disney Park Pass Reservation for Disney’s Hollywood Studios, you can enroll everyone in the virtual queue at the same time*. In order to give as many Guests as possible the opportunity to join the Resistance, each Guest can enter the virtual queue no more than once per day.You’ll receive a push notification via the My Disney Experience app if your group is called to return. You’ll have up to an hour from the time of the alert to go to the entrance of Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.Please note that joining the virtual queue does not guarantee the ability to experience Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.If you have any questions or need assistance, Cast Members at Guest Experience Team locations throughout the park are available to assist.Learn more about the virtual queue for , Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance.*Select one member of your party to access the virtual queue for everyone in your group. If multiple people in your party try to join the virtual queue simultaneously, that may complicate your ability to secure a boarding group.
I am going to visit Savi’s Workshop − Handbuilt Lightsabers or Droid Depot. Can I have my lightsaber or droid sent to my Disney Resort hotel?
Yes. You are able to send your completed droid or lightsaber to your Disney Resort hotel, . You may also have these souvenirs held at a designated location near the Disney’s Hollywood Studios,  Main Entrance for convenient pick-up as you exit the park. , Learn more about Package Pickup at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I join the virtual queue multiple times in a day?
No. Guests are able to join the virtual queue once per day so that as many Guests as possible have the opportunity to experience the attraction.
Can I purchase food and drinks at Oga’s Cantina?
While Oga's Cantina,  does not offer a full food menu, Guests can enjoy delicious light snacks—as well as exotic nonalcoholic and alcoholic concoctions.If your crew is looking for a full meal, check out the nearby Docking Bay 7 Food and Cargo,  or grab a bite to go at Ronto Roasters.View the full food and drink menu for Oga’s Cantina.
Can I join the virtual queue for 
Guests with a valid ticket or Annual Pass and a Disney Park Pass Reservation for Disney’s Hollywood Studios will be able to request access to the virtual queue starting at 7:00 AM on the day of their reservation. This can be done before you leave your Disney Resort hotel or on your way to the park. The virtual queue will reopen daily at 2:00 PM for anyone inside Disney’s Hollywood Studios who wasn’t already able to join a boarding group earlier in the day.Note: Guests must be inside Disney’s Hollywood Studios to access this second virtual queue opportunity, and access to a boarding group is subject to availability and not guaranteed.Here’s how to use the virtual queue:First, make sure you have the My Disney Experience app, —with push notifications enabled so you receive important updates about the virtual queue, including callback details and daily distribution times.As availability allows, Guests will have an opportunity to join the virtual queue at daily distribution times, which are subject to change. For distribution times, view details about experiencing Star Wars, : Galaxy's Edge.To join, log in to your account at one of the distribution times and select “, Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance Virtual Queue” on the home screen. You will then be able to view the current status and next steps for joining the virtual queue. The app will indicate when there is no availability for a specific distribution time. Some Guests may join backup groups.As long as your My Disney Experience account is linked to your group's park tickets, and everyone has a valid ticket or Annual Pass and a Disney Park Pass Reservation for Disney’s Hollywood Studios, you can enroll everyone in the virtual queue at the same time*. In order to give as many Guests as possible the opportunity to join the Resistance, each Guest can enter the virtual queue no more than once per day.You’ll receive a push notification via the My Disney Experience app if your group is called to return. You’ll have up to an hour from the time of the alert to go to the entrance of Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.Please note that joining the virtual queue does not guarantee the ability to experience Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.The goal of the virtual queue is to let you enjoy the rest of Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  while you wait to experience the Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  attraction.If you have any questions or need assistance, Cast Members at Guest Experience Team locations throughout the park are available to assist.Learn more about the virtual queue for Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance.*Select one member of your party to access the virtual queue for everyone in your group. If multiple people in your party try to join the virtual queue simultaneously, that may complicate your ability to secure a boarding group.
I have a reservation for Savi’s Workshop − Handbuilt Lightsabers or Droid Depot. How many people are included in my reservation?
Reservations should be made for the number of people who wish to build a droid or lightsaber. One additional person may accompany each builder—although that additional person cannot build a droid or lightsaber.For example, a party of 4 people wishing to build and purchase 4 lightsabers would make a reservation for 4 people. Those 4 people may bring up to 4 additional people with them to watch the experience.Advance reservations for Droid Depot,  and Savi's Workshop − Handbuilt Lightsabers,  are highly recommended. Learn when advance reservations can be made. You can make reservations on the web page for each location or by using the My Disney Experience app.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
What is the best way to make reservations for Droid Depot, Savi’s Workshop − Handbuilt Lightsabers and Oga’s Cantina?
Guests are strongly encouraged to make reservations online for , Droid Depot, Savi's Workshop − Handbuilt Lightsabers,  and Oga's Cantina,  or through the My Disney Experience mobile app.You can make reservations on the web page for each location.Learn more about , Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
Will dining reservations be available for food and beverage locations in 
Oga’s Cantina,  does accept reservations, which are highly recommended. Learn when advance reservations can be made.Reservations are not available for any other Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge food and beverage locations. For your convenience, there are various quick-service dining options within the land, including:Docking Bay 7 Food and Cargo, Milk Stand, Ronto Roasters, Kat Saka’s Kettle, Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or view all dining options,  located throughout Walt Disney World Resort.
Is Disney FastPass+ service offered for the attractions at 
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Disney FastPass+,  service is currently offered on Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run, . However, it is not available for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, . We will continually evaluate our operations and services in order to help provide a great Guest experience.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, While Disney FastPass+ service is not offered for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, , you may be required to join a virtual queue to access the attraction.Learn more about the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.
Is 
Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  is available during , Extra Magic Hours,  at , Disney's Hollywood Studios, —but the new Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  attraction is not included at this time.Extra Magic Hours is a benefit for Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels,  and other select hotels. During Extra Magic Hours, one of the Walt Disney World theme parks opens early or closes later to allow eligible Guests to enjoy select attractions.Valid theme park admission and hotel ID is required.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
When will 
The opening date for Star Wars, : Galactic Starcruiser, —an all-new, 2-night adventure at Walt Disney World Resort—has not yet been announced. Please continue to , check the Disney Parks Blog,  for updates. We look forward to sharing more!, Love Star Wars, ? Learn about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
Are reservations required at Droid Depot, Savi's Workshop − Handbuilt Lightsabers and Oga's Cantina or can I walk in?
Walk-ins are accepted on a limited basis and are subject to availability. Advance reservations for Droid Depot, Savi's Workshop − Handbuilt Lightsabers,  and Oga's Cantina,  are highly recommended. Learn when advance reservations can be made.You can make reservations on the web page for each location or by using the My Disney Experience app.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
What are the best  driving routes to Walt Disney World Resort?
It's easy to drive to Walt Disney World Resort. We're located southwest of Orlando, off Interstate 4, west of Florida’s Turnpike. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some sample routes from major United States and Canadian cities: Atlanta, GA, I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Boston, MA, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Chicago, IL, I-65 South to I-24 East I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Columbia, SC, I-26 East to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Dallas, TX, I-20 East to I-49 South to I-10 East to I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Hilton Head Island, SC, US 278 West to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Montreal, QC, take I-87 South to I-287 South to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, New Orleans, LA, I-10 East to I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, New York, NY, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Ottawa, ON, From 416, take 401 South, 137 to the border to I-81 South, connect to I-83 South, then I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Raleigh, NC, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Toronto, ON, Take I-90 South to I-90 West to I-79 South to US-19-Alt South to I-64 East/I-77 South to I-26 East to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Washington, DC, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits
What are the best driving routes to Walt Disney World Resort from within Florida?
Walt Disney World Resort is located southwest of Orlando, off Interstate 4, west of Florida’s Turnpike. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some sample routes from major Florida starting points:From Interstate 95, U.S. Highway 1 or southbound on Florida’s Turnpike: take I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, From Southbound Interstate 75, Take Florida’s Turnpike South to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, From Northbound on Florida’s Turnpike, Take Osceola Parkway which connects with U.S. Highway 192 and the Walt Disney World Resort Exits, From the Daytona Area, Take I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, From the Tampa Area, Take I-4 East to Walt Disney World Exits, From Miami or Ft. Lauderdale, Take Florida’s Turnpike North to Osceola Parkway West (exit 249) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Northeast Florida, Take I-95 South to I-4 West (exit 260B, old 86) to Walt Disney World Exits From Northwest Florida, Take I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South (exit 328, old 65), to I-4 West (exit 259) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Orlando International Airport, Take OIA South exit (FL 417S - Toll) to Osceola Parkway West (exit 3) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Orlando-Sanford Airport, Take Lake Mary Blvd. West to FL 417 South to Osceola Parkway West to Walt Disney World Exits
How much does it cost to park at Disney Springs at Walt Disney World Resort? 
Self-parking in our surface parking lots and parking garages is complimentary...Valet parking is available in the following 3 areas:Near the entrance to the Orange Garage from 10:00 AM to 2:00 AM, On West Side in front of Cirque du Soleil from 4:00 PM to 2:00 AM, In the Lemon Lot near the World of Disney shop from 10:00 AM to 2:00 AM, The cost of valet parking is $20 and will be collected at the time of pick-up. Gratuity is not included.Staying at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel? Take advantage of complimentary transportation by bus or boat. Many area accommodations also provide or arrange transportation to and from Disney Springs.
Which Walt Disney World Interstate exit should I take?
Each of these exits from Interstate 4 will take you to different parts of Walt Disney World Resort. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some highlights for each exit:Exit 67, Attractions: Epcot, Disney Springs Area, Disney's BoardWalk and Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park, Epcot Resort Area: Disney's Yacht Club Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Resort, Disney's BoardWalk Inn and Villas, Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, Walt Disney World Swan and Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotels and Disney's Fantasia Gardens Miniature Golf Course, Disney Springs Resort Area: Disney's Old Key West Resort, Disney's Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter, Disney's Port Orleans Resort – Riverside and Lake Buena Vista Golf Course, Exit 65, Attractions: Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney's Animal Kingdom Park, ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex and Disney’s Blizzard Beach Water Park, Disney's Animal Kingdom Resort Area: Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort, Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Disney's Coronado Springs Resort, Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge and Villas, Disney's Pop Century Resort and Disney's Winter Summerland Miniature Golf Course, Exit 64, Attractions: Magic Kingdom Park, Magic Kingdom Resort Area: Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Magnolia Golf Course, Oak Trail Golf Course, Palm Golf Course and Disney's Wedding Pavilion
How much does it cost to park at the parks?
Check out the variety of parking options―including parking at the theme parks―available throughout Walt Disney World Resort.The rate depends on your vehicle type, but each theme park lot charges the same rate per day. Once you pay for the day, you may park at any of the other theme parks.If you are a Guest staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you receive complimentary standard parking at Disney theme parks for the length of your Resort stay. You must present valid Disney Resort hotel identification to enter the parking lots. Complimentary standard theme park parking is also included with select annual passes.Prices subject to change without notice.
I will be visiting multiple Disney theme parks on the same day. Do I have to pay for parking at each theme park?
No. If you pay for parking at one Disney theme park, you may park at other Disney theme parks on the same day for no additional charge.If your ticket has the Park Hopper Option, you can also use the complimentary Walt Disney World transportation system,  to visit our other theme parks.If you are a Guest staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you receive complimentary standard parking at Disney theme parks for the length of your Resort hotel stay. You must present valid Disney Resort hotel identification to enter the parking lots.Standard theme park parking is also complimentary with select Annual Passes.Check out the variety of parking options available throughout Walt Disney World Resort.
How do I get from the airport to my Disney Resort hotel?
Your best option to get to select Disney Resort hotels,  from the Orlando International Airport is via Disney's Magical Express transportation, . Disney’s Magical Express transportation is a complimentary roundtrip service that whisks you and your luggage between Orlando International Airport and select Disney Resort hotels via a deluxe motorcoach.If you did not select Disney’s Magical Express transportation and include your flight information when you made your reservation, please contact the booking agent for your Disney Resort hotel reservation.Other options include:Car Rental , Alamo® Rent A Car, the Official Rental Car of Walt Disney World Resort, has locations at the Orlando International Airport and at the Car Care Center near the parking exit of Magic Kingdom Park, . For Emerald Club customers, National Car Rental® also has a location at the Car Care Center. Shuttle service to and from your Disney Resort hotel is provided 7 days a week, Monday through Friday from 6:00 AM to 8:00 PM and Saturday and Sunday from 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM. Holiday hours may vary. Shuttle service should be scheduled at least 1 hour in advance.From the United States and Canada, call (407) 824-3470. , From the United Kingdom, call 0870 400 4562.Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. Limousine Service, To make arrangements for Limousine or Town Car Service, please contact Star Transportation.From the United States and Canada, call (407) 888-5530.From the United Kingdom, call 001-407-888-5530.Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. Airport Shuttle, Mears Airport Shuttle provides transportation from Orlando International Airport to Disney Resort hotels. Tickets may be purchased when you board the shuttle. To return to Orlando International Airport, catch the shuttle near the lobby of your Disney Resort hotel. Make reservations 24 hours in advance of your return trip to the airport and allow a minimum of 2 hours before flight time.  From the United States and Canada, call (407) 423-5566.From the United Kingdom, call 0870 400 4562.Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. 
Is complimentary transportation available from Orlando International Airport to my Disney Resort hotel?
Yes. When staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you may enjoy access to Disney's Magical Express, —a complimentary roundtrip service that whisks you and your luggage between Orlando International Airport and select Disney Resort hotels via a deluxe motorcoach. If you did not select Disney’s Magical Express and include your flight information when you made your reservation, please contact the booking agent for your Disney Resort hotel reservation.
What are the best  driving routes to Walt Disney World Resort?
It's easy to drive to Walt Disney World Resort. We're located southwest of Orlando, off Interstate 4, west of Florida’s Turnpike. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some sample routes from major United States and Canadian cities: Atlanta, GA, I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Boston, MA, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Chicago, IL, I-65 South to I-24 East I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Columbia, SC, I-26 East to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Dallas, TX, I-20 East to I-49 South to I-10 East to I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, Hilton Head Island, SC, US 278 West to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Montreal, QC, take I-87 South to I-287 South to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, New Orleans, LA, I-10 East to I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South toward Orlando to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, New York, NY, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Ottawa, ON, From 416, take 401 South, 137 to the border to I-81 South, connect to I-83 South, then I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Raleigh, NC, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Toronto, ON, Take I-90 South to I-90 West to I-79 South to US-19-Alt South to I-64 East/I-77 South to I-26 East to I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, Washington, DC, I-95 South to I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits
What are the best driving routes to Walt Disney World Resort from within Florida?
Walt Disney World Resort is located southwest of Orlando, off Interstate 4, west of Florida’s Turnpike. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some sample routes from major Florida starting points:From Interstate 95, U.S. Highway 1 or southbound on Florida’s Turnpike: take I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, From Southbound Interstate 75, Take Florida’s Turnpike South to Interstate 4 West to Walt Disney World Resort Exits, From Northbound on Florida’s Turnpike, Take Osceola Parkway which connects with U.S. Highway 192 and the Walt Disney World Resort Exits, From the Daytona Area, Take I-4 West to Walt Disney World Exits, From the Tampa Area, Take I-4 East to Walt Disney World Exits, From Miami or Ft. Lauderdale, Take Florida’s Turnpike North to Osceola Parkway West (exit 249) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Northeast Florida, Take I-95 South to I-4 West (exit 260B, old 86) to Walt Disney World Exits From Northwest Florida, Take I-75 South to Florida’s Turnpike South (exit 328, old 65), to I-4 West (exit 259) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Orlando International Airport, Take OIA South exit (FL 417S - Toll) to Osceola Parkway West (exit 3) to Walt Disney World Exits, From Orlando-Sanford Airport, Take Lake Mary Blvd. West to FL 417 South to Osceola Parkway West to Walt Disney World Exits
Is there a complimentary shuttle to attractions outside of Walt Disney World Resort?
No. Walt Disney World Resort features an extensive transportation system,  to get you around the Disney theme parks, water parks and other Walt Disney World destinations. Disney’s Magical Express transportation,  is also available to transport registered Guests at select Walt Disney World Resort hotels,  to and from Orlando International Airport.If you wish to visit attractions outside of Walt Disney World Resort, we recommend that you rent a car or arrange for other transportation. The valet at your Disney Resort hotel is happy to arrange for a taxi cab to pick you up and take you wherever you wish.
Which Walt Disney World golf course is most appropriate for my skill level? 
Our 3 golf courses are 18-hole championship layouts playing to a par of 72. Each of these courses is suitable for golfers of all skill levels:Disney's Magnolia Golf Course, Disney's Palm Golf Course, Disney's Lake Buena Vista Golf Course, For less-skilled golfers who are still learning to play or families with young children, we recommend our 9-hole walking course, Disney′s Oak Trail Golf Course.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
What is the best way to get around Walt Disney World Resort?
It’s fun and easy to get around Walt Disney World Resort! Our complimentary network of buses, boats and monorails can transport you between Disney Resort hotels, theme parks, water parks and shopping venues. Learn more about Walt Disney World Resort transportation.With the Walt Disney World transportation network and,  Disney’s Magical Express transportation, , you may find that you don’t need to rent a car when you visit Walt Disney World Resort. Relax and leave the driving to us!
Which Walt Disney World Interstate exit should I take?
Each of these exits from Interstate 4 will take you to different parts of Walt Disney World Resort. View our interactive map for detailed driving directions to Walt Disney World Resort.Here are some highlights for each exit:Exit 67, Attractions: Epcot, Disney Springs Area, Disney's BoardWalk and Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park, Epcot Resort Area: Disney's Yacht Club Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Resort, Disney's BoardWalk Inn and Villas, Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, Walt Disney World Swan and Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotels and Disney's Fantasia Gardens Miniature Golf Course, Disney Springs Resort Area: Disney's Old Key West Resort, Disney's Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter, Disney's Port Orleans Resort – Riverside and Lake Buena Vista Golf Course, Exit 65, Attractions: Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney's Animal Kingdom Park, ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex and Disney’s Blizzard Beach Water Park, Disney's Animal Kingdom Resort Area: Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort, Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Disney's Coronado Springs Resort, Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge and Villas, Disney's Pop Century Resort and Disney's Winter Summerland Miniature Golf Course, Exit 64, Attractions: Magic Kingdom Park, Magic Kingdom Resort Area: Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Magnolia Golf Course, Oak Trail Golf Course, Palm Golf Course and Disney's Wedding Pavilion
Where do the monorails go at Walt Disney World Resort?
Our iconic monorail is a fast—and fun—way to get around Walt Disney World Resort. There are 2 different monorail routes.The first route makes stops at the following locations:Magic Kingdom park, Disney’s Contemporary Resort, Transportation and Ticket Center (adjacent to Magic Kingdom parking), Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Please note that the above route has 2 lines. The Magic Kingdom line shuttles between Magic Kingdom park and the Transportation and Ticket Center. The Resort Hotels line stops at all of the above locations.The second monorail route stops at 2 locations:Transportation and Ticket Center, Epcot, Other popular destinations can be reached through the Walt Disney World transportation network of boats and buses. Guests have complimentary access to monorails, buses and boats at Walt Disney World Resort. 
How early and how late do the buses run between the parks and my Walt Disney Resort hotel?
Our complimentary Resort transportation—including buses, monorails and boats—generally operate from 45 minutes before a theme park’s opening time until one hour after a theme park’s closing time.Please remember that the theme park hours often vary daily and are different from park to park, so the transportation hours for each individual park will vary on any given day. If you have questions about the specific times that buses are available, please ask a Cast Member.In addition to theme park transportation, buses generally operate until 2:00 AM between Disney Resort hotels,  and , Disney Springs, . Taxi cabs are also available if you need to get around outside of our complimentary transportation hours.Learn more about Walt Disney World Resort transportation,  or view Disney theme park hours.
How much does it cost to park at the parks?
Check out the variety of parking options―including parking at the theme parks―available throughout Walt Disney World Resort.The rate depends on your vehicle type, but each theme park lot charges the same rate per day. Once you pay for the day, you may park at any of the other theme parks.If you are a Guest staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you receive complimentary standard parking at Disney theme parks for the length of your Resort stay. You must present valid Disney Resort hotel identification to enter the parking lots. Complimentary standard theme park parking is also included with select annual passes.Prices subject to change without notice.
I will be visiting multiple Disney theme parks on the same day. Do I have to pay for parking at each theme park?
No. If you pay for parking at one Disney theme park, you may park at other Disney theme parks on the same day for no additional charge.If your ticket has the Park Hopper Option, you can also use the complimentary Walt Disney World transportation system,  to visit our other theme parks.If you are a Guest staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you receive complimentary standard parking at Disney theme parks for the length of your Resort hotel stay. You must present valid Disney Resort hotel identification to enter the parking lots.Standard theme park parking is also complimentary with select Annual Passes.Check out the variety of parking options available throughout Walt Disney World Resort.
I’m not staying at a Disney Resort hotel. Can I use the monorails, buses and boats to get around Walt Disney World Resort?
Yes. All Guests have complimentary access to our network of monorails, buses and boats. If you would like to visit multiple parks, enjoy a nice dinner at one of the Disney Resort hotels,  or shop at Disney Springs, , you can leave your car parked in the theme park lot and use our transportation network.While there are many ways to get around Walt Disney World Resort, here are several recommended routes that may be convenient for Guests who are not staying at a Disney Resort hotel, but wish to visit multiple parks:Magic Kingdom park,  and Epcot,  are connected via monorail, Epcot,  and Disney’s Hollywood Studios,  are connected via boat, Magic Kingdom park,  and Disney’s Hollywood Studios,  are connected via bus, Disney’s Animal Kingdom theme park,  is connected to the 3 other theme parks via bus , Learn more about Walt Disney World Resort transportation.
What services are available for Guests unable to tolerate long waits at attractions due to their disabilities?
Walt Disney World theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with disabilities, including our Disability Access Service.The Disability Access Service allows Guests with disabilities—as well as an allotted number of people from his or her party—to schedule a return time at a specific attraction that is comparable to the wait time when they first arrive at that attraction.For more information, guests should visit the Guest Relations Lobby located near the entrance of each of the four theme parks.To learn more about the Disability Access Service, please download the official guide in PDF format.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Park?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Animal Kingdom Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park?
Walt Disney World Resort water parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Accommodations for service animals, Wheelchair rentals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with cognitive disabilities?
Walt Disney World Resort provides numerous accommodations for Guests with cognitive disabilities such as Autism Spectrum Disorder.Some examples of available accommodations include Rider Switch, Disability Access Service and break areas for Guests who become over-stimulated. We also offer an assortment of tips and suggestions to help plan a successful day in the theme parks.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with cognitive disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort. 
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Epcot?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Epcot.
What accommodations exist for Guests with hearing disabilities? 
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning and written aids.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with hearing disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney’s Hollywood Studios?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Magic Kingdom Park? 
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Magic Kingdom Park.
How do the theme parks accommodate Guests with disabilities?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World theme parks.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney Resort hotels?
Walt Disney World Resort hotels provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer in our Resort hotels include wheelchair-accessible bathrooms, wheelchair-accessible ramps and elevators, rooms designed for the hearing impaired Guests and rooms that accommodate service animals.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort hotels.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park?
Walt Disney World Resort water parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Accommodations for service animals, Wheelchair rentals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with visual disabilities?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with visual disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks and digital audio tours.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with visual disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I rent a wheelchair or ECV during my visit to Walt Disney World Resort? 
Yes. Wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs) are available for rental at most Walt Disney World destinations, , including our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs.Before your next visit, be sure to learn more about wheelchair rentals,  or ECV rentals.Please note: wheelchair and ECV quantities are limited and subject to availability.
Can I use my own wheelchair in the theme parks?
Yes. You may use your own wheelchair at all Walt Disney World theme parks. Wheelchairs are also available for rental.Learn more about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I have questions or comments about accessibility on disneyworld.com for Guests with visual impairments. Who should I contact?
We have affirmed the importance of making our theme park and cruise line websites accessible to all Guests, including those with visual impairments. If you have any questions or comments regarding website accessibility, please e-mail us.
How do I book a Disney Resort hotel room for a Guest with a disability?
You have the option of filtering by “Accessible Rooms” when you book your Walt Disney World vacation online.If you would like to discuss accommodations for a specific disability, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort hotels.
Does the Walt Disney World Resort bus transportation system accommodate wheelchairs?
Yes. The complimentary Walt Disney World Resort bus transportation system does accommodate wheelchairs. To help us plan ahead, please indicate that you will be traveling with a wheelchair when you book your vacation.Learn more about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.
If I rent a wheelchair or ECV, do I get to keep it for my entire stay?
Wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs) rented at most Walt Disney World destinations, —including our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs, —are only for one specific location and must be returned before exiting.Length-of-stay rental tickets are available for a one-time payment, but wheelchairs or ECVs must still be returned before exiting each location.In addition to our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs, there are also a limited number of wheelchairs available for rental at select Disney Resort hotels; these rentals can be kept for your entire stay.Before your next visit, be sure to learn more about wheelchair rentals,  or ECV rentals.
What is the street address of my Disney Resort hotel?
The street address appears on the web page for each hotel. View a complete list of all of the Disney Resort hotels. Select your Resort hotel to see the street address.
I’m on my way to—or already at—my Resort hotel but haven’t checked in yet. Can I still participate in the Direct-to-Room service?
Yes. You can use the Direct-to-Room service anytime in advance up to and including your arrival day. However, we recommend starting the check-in process before your arrival day so you can make your vacation experience even easier and more convenient.Check-in time for all Disney Resort hotels is 3:00 PM, except for Disney Deluxe Villa Resorts, which have a check-in time of 4:00 PM.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Can I extend my balance due date on a vacation package?
No. Balance due dates cannot be extended for vacation packages.If you wish to cancel an existing reservation for which you have already applied payment, call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
I have an existing package or hotel reservation and I have only paid my deposit. Will you automatically deduct the balance due payment from my credit card?
No. We will not automatically charge your credit card to pay the balance due.If you have a vacation package, you can pay off the balance online,  or call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. For your convenience, you are able to use the payment method stored in your online account.If you have a room-only reservation, you will pay off your balance when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
Will you send me any reminders regarding the balance due on my hotel or package reservation?
Yes. We will send a notice by email or direct mail when your final payment is past due.If you have a vacation package, you can pay off the balance online,  or call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you have a room-only reservation, you will pay off your balance when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservtions page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
What are the benefits of the Direct-to-Room service?
The Direct-to-Room service lets you...View your reservation, Simplify your arrival, Bypass the Front Desk⁠, Receive real-time room ready updates, including room number and arrival instructions, Have digital access to Resort hotel maps, Use your MagicBand or the My Disney Experience app to unlock your door, Begin the fun and magic of your vacation even sooner, Need anything else? You can still visit the Front Desk any time after you've arrived!, Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Is breakfast included in my Disney Resort hotel room reservation?
No. However, you should be able to find a dining location offering breakfast at your Disney Resort hotel. , Disney dining plans,  are also available as an option to Disney Resort Hotel Packages, , and many of these convenient plans do include breakfast options. , View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
How do I cancel my hotel reservation?
Depending on the type of reservation, you will either be able to cancel the reservation online or you will need to call the Disney Reservation Center for assistance.Sign in to your Disney Account and go to My Reservations, , where you will see the reservation listed. If your reservation can be canceled online, you’ll see a link for “Cancel Reservation.”, If your reservation can only be canceled by phone, you’ll see a message indicating you need to call (407) 934-7639. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please note that a cancelation fee may apply.View your Disney Resort hotel, dining reservations, tickets and other plans.
How do I update or modify a hotel or package reservation?
Depending on the type of reservation, you may be able to update or modify your hotel or package reservation online. Simply sign in to your Disney Account,  and go to My Reservations, , where you’ll see a link for “Modify Reservation.”, If your reservation cannot be updated or modified online, please call (407) 934-7639. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permissions to call.Please note that a change fee may apply.
What are the Disney Resort hotel check-in and check-out times?
The check-in time is 4:00 PM for Disney Deluxe Villas, 3:00 PM for the other Disney Resort hotels. The check-out time is 11:00 AM. , When you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel, visit the Front Desk and we’ll provide any theme park tickets that are included in your Disney Resort Hotel Package—even if it is before the standard check-in time.Plus, if you take advantage of Disney′s Magical Express transportation, , we can deliver your luggage directly to your room when it is available, so you are free to start enjoying Walt Disney World Resort. Only select Disney Resort hotels,  offer access to Disney’s Magical Express transportation. , If you're using the Direct-to-Room service, you can use your MagicBand or the Unlock Door feature on the My Disney Experience app to begin enjoying your Disney Resort hotel in certain areas—such as the pool—on the day of your scheduled arrival, even before your room is ready. You can also continue to use the Resort hotel facilities for the rest of the day after you check out.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I use the Direct-to-Room service if I’m staying in a Club-Level room?
Absolutely! The Direct-to-Room service is available for all room types at participating Disney Resort hotels.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Is there a complimentary shuttle to attractions outside of Walt Disney World Resort?
No. Walt Disney World Resort features an extensive transportation system,  to get you around the Disney theme parks, water parks and other Walt Disney World destinations. Disney’s Magical Express transportation,  is also available to transport registered Guests at select Walt Disney World Resort hotels,  to and from Orlando International Airport.If you wish to visit attractions outside of Walt Disney World Resort, we recommend that you rent a car or arrange for other transportation. The valet at your Disney Resort hotel is happy to arrange for a taxi cab to pick you up and take you wherever you wish.
Where can I find my hotel or package reservation confirmation number?
View an existing reservation online on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience,  to check the confirmation number. You will need to sign into your account.When you make a new reservation online, you will see your confirmation number on both the online confirmation page and your confirmation email. If you make your reservation over the phone, your booking agent will verbally provide you with a confirmation number—you may also receive either a confirmation email or receive a letter in the mail with the confirmation number.Please keep your confirmation number for reference. If you wish to view a reservation online that you made over the phone, you may need to link your reservation to My Disney Experience,  by entering your confirmation number and the phone number that you used to make the call. After you do so, the reservation will show up on the My Reservations page to allow you to easily reference it in the future.
I’m visiting Walt Disney World Resort as part of a convention or group. Can I use Direct-to-Room service?
Yes. Direct-to-Room is available to members of conventions or groups.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
I have a question about my Walt Disney World Resort hotel or package reservation. Do I have to go through the automated questions every time I call or can I skip directly to a person?
Yes. Enter your phone number in your online profile, , and the next time you call us from the number, we will skip many of the automated questions about who you are and get you to a Cast Member as soon as possible.To speak with a Cast Member about your Resort hotel or package reservation, please call (407) 939-4357 and follow the prompts. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Park?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Animal Kingdom Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park?
Walt Disney World Resort water parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Accommodations for service animals, Wheelchair rentals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Epcot?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Epcot.
What accommodations exist for Guests with hearing disabilities? 
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning and written aids.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with hearing disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney’s Hollywood Studios?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Magic Kingdom Park? 
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Magic Kingdom Park.
How do the theme parks accommodate Guests with disabilities?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Rental wheelchairs, Rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs), Accommodations for service animals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World theme parks.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney Resort hotels?
Walt Disney World Resort hotels provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer in our Resort hotels include wheelchair-accessible bathrooms, wheelchair-accessible ramps and elevators, rooms designed for the hearing impaired Guests and rooms that accommodate service animals.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort hotels.
What accommodations exist for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park?
Walt Disney World Resort water parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, Guests with visual disabilities,  and Guests with hearing disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include:Accommodations for service animals, Wheelchair rentals, Assistive Listening systems, Reflective Captioning, Sign Language interpretation, Text Typewriter telephones, Handheld Captioning, Video Captioning, Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks, Digital audio tours, Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park.
What accommodations exist for Guests with visual disabilities?
Walt Disney World Resort theme parks provide numerous accommodations for Guests with visual disabilities.Some examples of accommodations that we offer include Audio Description devices, Braille guidebooks and digital audio tours.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with visual disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
I am staying at a Walt Disney World Resort area hotel and would like to make a theme park reservation. How do I know which Disney Park Pass availability category to check?
Disney Resort and other select hotel Guests can make park reservations for dates during their stay for the number of days that they have valid theme park tickets. Annual Passholders staying at select Disney Resort or other select hotels with valid theme park admission are eligible to make theme park reservations for each day of their Resort stay(s), in addition to holding up to 3 days of theme park reservations at a time on a rolling basis.If you booked an upcoming stay at one of the following hotels, you can review theme park reservation availability for Disney Resort Guests:Disney Resort Hotels, Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Copper Creek Villas & Cabins at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort, Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Jambo House, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Kidani Village, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Disney's Beach Club Resort, Disney's Beach Club Villas, Disney's BoardWalk Inn, Disney's BoardWalk Villas, Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Coronado Springs Resort, Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney's Old Key West Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows, Disney's Pop Century Resort, Disney's Port Orleans Resort - French Quarter, Disney's Port Orleans Resort - Riverside, Disney's Riviera Resort, Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa, Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney's Yacht Club Resort, The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, The Villas at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Other Walt Disney World Resort Area Hotels, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World, B Resort & Spa Lake Buena Vista, Doubletree Suites by Hilton Orlando, Hilton Orlando Buena Vista Palace, Hilton Orlando Lake Buena Vista, Holiday Inn Orlando – Disney Springs Area, Wyndham Garden Lake Buena Vista, Wyndham Lake Buena Vista, Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek, Waldorf Astoria Orlando, Shades of Green, If you are planning to stay at a Central Florida-area hotel not listed above during your visit, you can still make a theme park reservation via the Disney Park Pass system. To check for reservation availability, please select "Theme Park Tickets Guests" when you view park reservation availability.Learn about updates at Disney Resort hotels.Discover how to make theme park reservations—which are required for park entry.
Who should I contact with questions about the Disney Premier Visa Card application process that is available during Online Check-in?
Please call JPMorgan Chase at (800) 300-8575. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please note that Disney Visa Instant Credit is available to United States residents only.
What are Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels?
There are 7 Official Walt Disney World Hotels located in the Disney Springs Resort Area. Each hotel offers its own unique style with spacious accommodations, dining experiences, convenient amenities and other quality services.View Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels.Complimentary shuttle service is available to and from the 4 Walt Disney World theme parks, 2 water parks and Disney Springs Resort Area.Call (407) 939-1863 to find out more about room and ticket packages at these hotels.
If I arrive prior to my Disney Resort hotel check-in time, can I get my tickets and start my vacation?
Yes. When you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel, visit the Front Desk and we’ll provide any theme park tickets that are included in your Disney Resort Hotel Package—even if it is before the standard check-in time of 4:00 PM for Disney Deluxe Villas, 3:00 PM for The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort and 3:00 PM for the other Disney Resort hotels.Plus, if you take advantage of Disney′s Magical Express transportation, , we can deliver your luggage directly to your room when it is available, so you are free to start enjoying Walt Disney World Resort.
How does Walt Disney World Resort work to help the environment?
Environmentality is an attitude and a commitment to our environment, where we actively seek ways to be friendlier to our planet. We're committed to making smart choices now to preserve our world for the future. We encourage environmental awareness among our Cast Members, our Guests and our community. For more information, please contact:Environmental Initiatives Walt Disney World Co. P.O. Box 10,000 Lake Buena Vista, FL 32830-1000 
Do Disney Resort hotels offer special offers or discounts for Florida residents?
From time to time, we have special offers and discounts for Florida residents.Learn more about special offers and discounts for Florida residents
What is a Walt Disney World Good Neighbor® Hotel?
We are proud to recommend select Walt Disney World Good Neighbor Hotels,  conveniently located near the Resort. All meet our high standards for comfort, quality and service. In addition, Good Neighbor hotels: are AAA-approved.offer a choice of standard rooms, suites and villa-style accommodations. feature a Guest Services desk to help you plan your Disney vacation and purchase park tickets.provide transportation to Disney theme parks. (A fee may apply.), Whether you’re vacationing as a large group, traveling with small children or it’s just the two of you, there’s sure to be a Good Neighbor Hotel just right for your party size and budget.For more details about Walt Disney World Good Neighbor Hotels or to book vacation travel, please call the Disney Reservation Center at (407) 939-1283. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Is my room assigned when I initiate the Direct-to-Room service?
No. Rooms are not assigned until your arrival day. We take into consideration information you provide during the online check-in process, such as your estimated arrival time and any room location request selections (subject to availability), when assigning a room.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
What sort of ID do I need to provide when I arrive at my Disney Resort hotel?
Upon arrival at your Disney Resort hotel, you may be requested to provide a valid form of photo identification. Valid forms of identification include driver’s license, government-issued passport, government-issued photo ID or active military ID.If you have additional questions about our identification requirements, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Are Guests permitted to have firearms, ammunition or weapons in Disney Resort hotels or Disney Vacation Club Resorts?
No. Guests are not permitted to have firearms, ammunition, knives or weapons of any kind at or in Disney Resort Hotels,  and Disney Vacation Club Resorts, , including in hotel rooms, units, vacation home villas and general public areas within the hotels and resorts.
How do I learn more about Online Check-In?
When you book your vacation with the Walt Disney Travel Company, we’ll provide you with information about Online Check-In, . You can also review our other frequently asked questions about this topic.
How does Online Check-In work? 
When you use Online Check-In, , you provide us in advance of your arrival with the information that we typically collect at the Front Desk during the standard check-in process. Upon arrival at your Disney Resort hotel, you will visit a specially designated Front Desk location where we’ll give you a Welcome Folder and your MagicBand.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using Online Check-In on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
What benefits do I receive with my room-only reservation at a Disney Resort hotel?
A room-only reservation not only includes a stay at a comfortable Disney Resort hotel, but it also provides additional perks, such as complimentary usage of the Walt Disney World transportation system,  and access to complimentary Disney’s Magical Express transportation,  to and from Orlando International Airport.Extra Magic Hours, You may be able to take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours benefit,  offered select nights at our theme parks. A park reservation and valid admission for the same park on the same date and Resort ID are required. To see when and where the Extra Magic Hours benefit is offered, or view today’s park hours. The Extra Magic Hours benefit is temporarily suspended.Plan Ahead with FastPass+, Guests staying at a Disney Resort hotel with valid theme park admission can also make FastPass+ selections,  up to 60 days before their check-in. As a result of the COVID-19 impact, FastPass+ service will be temporarily suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to manage capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing.Interested in Vacation Packages?, If you are interested in theme park tickets and a Disney dining plan, a Disney Resort Hotel Package,  might be a great option for you. As a result of physical distancing, the capacity in restaurants and the availability of dining experiences are very limited and certain experiences such as Character Dining cannot be provided. As a result, Disney dining plans are temporarily unavailable.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
When I use the Direct-to-Room service, what sort of information do I need to provide online?
During the online check-in process, you’ll provide the same information you would typically provide to the Front Desk during a standard check-in—including a credit card for incidental charges, your arrival time, room location requests (which are subject to availability), home address and mobile phone number. We’ll also ask you to create a 4-digit personal identification number that you—and the other members of your party with charging privileges—will use to verify your identity when you make purchases and use dining entitlements at Walt Disney World Resort.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
I can’t find my existing Resort hotel reservation on disneyworld.com. Where should I look?
View an existing Disney Resort hotel reservation on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservation.If you’ve visited the above page, but you still don’t see your reservation, you may have to link it to your disneyworld.com account, . You will need your Resort Confirmation Number.If you continue to have problems finding a reservation, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please note that if you booked through a travel agency, you may not be able to see your reservation on disneyworld.com.
I made a hotel or package reservation, but when I look for it on disneyworld.com, it’s not listed. What should I do?
Try again to view your existing Resort hotel reservation in the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservation.If you’ve visited the above page, but you still don’t see your reservation, you may have to link it to your disneyworld.com account, . You will need your Resort Confirmation Number. After you do so, the reservation will show up on the My Reservations page to allow you to easily reference it in the future.Please note that if you booked through a third-party travel agency, when you link your reservation to My Disney Experience, you should select the “Through a Travel Professional” option from the dropdown menu.If you’ve recently made a reservation, you may have to wait 24 hours for it to appear online.If you continue to have problems finding a reservation, please call (407) 934-7639. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What other hotels are located near Walt Disney World Resort?
In addition to Disney Resort hotels, , Walt Disney Travel Company offers the following selection of quality hotels located conveniently close by Walt Disney World Resort.The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin Hotels,  feature deluxe accommodations in the heart of Walt Disney World Resort—within walking distance of Epcot, Disney's Hollywood Studios,  and Disney's BoardWalk,  entertainment area.The Four Seasons Orlando at Walt Disney World, , located close by Magic Kingdom Park, , offers a luxurious resort experience with amenities for the entire family.The 7 Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels,  provide Guests a range of lodging options—so one is sure to fit your budget and vacation needs. All are within walking distance of the shopping, dining and entertainment of Disney Springs, . And all offer complimentary bus transportation to and from the Walt Disney World theme parks.Walt Disney World Good Neighbor® Hotels,  meet Disney standards for quality and service. They are conveniently located near Walt Disney World Resort, with standard rooms, suites and condo-style accommodations available. Many offer amenities like complimentary breakfast, kitchenettes and pet-friendly rooms, and all provide on-site ticketing and transportation to the Disney theme parks.For more details about hotels near Walt Disney World Resort or to book your vacation travel, please call (407) 939-1316. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What is the Online Check-in Service?
The Online Check-in service is a convenient option that starts your check-in process online. As a component of the Direct-to-Room service, , Online Check-in can help Disney Resort hotel,  Guests reduce registration time and simplify their arrival—while still enjoying a magical Disney welcome.When you use the Direct-to-Room service, you provide us in advance of your arrival with information typically collected during a traditional check-in at the Front Desk. On arrival day, you’ll receive notifications on your mobile device (based on communication preferences you have opted into) with real-time updates, including when your room is ready and what your room number is. When your room is ready, use the Resort hotel map in the app to find your room. Then unlock your door with your MagicBand, or use the Unlock Door feature on the app.Begin your check-in to go directly to your room by linking your Disney Resort hotel reservation,  to your Disney Account. Once linked, view your reservation on the “My Plans”,  page and select “Start Check-in.” Or view your reservation from the “My Plans” screen in the My Disney Experience app.
Can I rent a wheelchair or ECV during my visit to Walt Disney World Resort? 
Yes. Wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs) are available for rental at most Walt Disney World destinations, , including our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs.Before your next visit, be sure to learn more about wheelchair rentals,  or ECV rentals.Please note: wheelchair and ECV quantities are limited and subject to availability.
I am not a United States citizen. Do I need to present a passport or photo ID when I check into a Disney Resort hotel?
A valid passport or photo ID may be requested upon arrival at Disney Resort hotels. If you have questions about our identification requirements, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I use more than one credit card during a single transaction on disneyworld.com?
No. You are only able to use a single credit card per transaction.If you would like to use multiple forms of payment, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You are able to make purchases on disneyworld.com using the following forms of payment:Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card, Diners Club Charge Card, JCB (Japan Credit Bureau), Disney Gift Card, Disney Rewards Dollars, Disney® Visa® Card, Disney® Visa® Card is available to United States residents only.
Can I use my own wheelchair in the theme parks?
Yes. You may use your own wheelchair at all Walt Disney World theme parks. Wheelchairs are also available for rental.Learn more about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
What is the phone number for my Disney Resort hotel?
If you need to contact your Disney Resort hotel directly, please call (407) WDW-DISNEY or (407) 939-3476 and we will direct your call to the proper location.
What kind of identification do I need to supply if I wish to enjoy an alcoholic beverage during my visit?
Alcoholic beverages can be purchased at Walt Disney World Resort by all Guests 21 years of age or older.Any Guest who wishes to purchase an alcoholic beverage at Walt Disney World Resort must present one of the following valid forms of identification:U.S. state driver’s license (includes U.S. territories*), U.S. state ID (includes U.S. territories*), U.S. military ID, Original passport, Copy of passport (either on paper or captured on a mobile device), along with a government-issued photo ID** that can verify the person and birth date shown on the copy, NEXUS card issued by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (Canadian Guests only), All Guests visiting from outside of the United States are required to present both a valid passport as well as another form of government-issued photo ID from their country of origin.For all questions concerning our identification requirements, please call (407) 939-6244. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Walt Disney World Resort reserves the right to refuse sale and/or service of alcoholic beverages to anyone.The Walt Disney World Resort alcohol policy is subject to change without notice.*U.S. territories include Puerto Rico, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa.**Foreign driver’s licenses or ID cards are not acceptable by themselves.
I need to talk to someone about my Walt Disney World Resort hotel or package reservation. Who do I call?
Please call (407) 939-4357, and we will help answer your questions. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
Why doesn’t my package reservation confirmation show all of the correct information?
Your confirmation might not show information that has been recently updated—most commonly the flight information that you entered for Disney’s Magical Express, . Please wait a few days and check your reservation on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience.If you are concerned that the information on your reservation confirmation is incorrect, you may be able to modify the reservation online. To update a reservation online, simply click the link for “Modify Reservation.”, If your reservation cannot be updated or modified online, please call (407) 934-7639. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permissions to call.Please note that a change fee may apply.
What payment types are accepted by Resort Airline Check-In for baggage fees? 
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available. Ask your airline or check their website for details on how to check in for your flight, and to learn which fees may apply to you.
What is Resort Airline Check-In Service?
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available.
Is there a charge or fee to check my bags at Resort Airline Check-In, and what types of payments are accepted?
Resort Airline Check-In service is no longer available.Learn more about Disney's Magical Express.
I am departing for an international destination. Can I use the Resort Airline Check-In Service available at my hotel?
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available.
Which Disney Resort hotels offer Resort Airline Check-In Service?
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available.
Which Walt Disney World Resort hotels are considered Disney Resort hotels?
There are currently more than 25 Disney Resort hotel locations to pick from when staying at Walt Disney World Resort, from budget-conscious value Resort hotels to our luxurious deluxe Resort hotels.Whether your party is looking to spend the night in a lavish suite or wants to camp beneath the stars of the beautiful Florida sky, there are dozens of different Disney Resort hotel themes and styles available, including:Value:Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort, Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Disney's Pop Century Resort, The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, Moderate:Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort, Disney's Coronado Springs Resort, Disney's Port Orleans Resort - French Quarter, Disney's Port Orleans Resort - Riverside, The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, Deluxe:Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge, Disney's Beach Club Resort, Disney's BoardWalk Inn, Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney's Yacht Club Resort, Deluxe Villas:Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Copper Creek Villas & Cabins at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Jambo House, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Kidani Village, Disney's Beach Club Villas, Disney's BoardWalk Villas, Disney's Old Key West Resort, Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows, Disney’s Riviera Resort, Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa, The Villas at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Please note that prices for accommodations will vary, depending on the location and style of each Disney Resort hotel.
Which Disney Resort hotels offer the Direct-to-Room service?
Disney’s Direct-to Room service is available at the following Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort:Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort, Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas – Jambo House, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas – Kidani Village, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Villas, Disney’s BoardWalk Inn, Disney’s BoardWalk Villas, The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, Disney’s Caribbean Beach Resort, Disney’s Contemporary Resort, Disney’s Coronado Springs Resort, Disney’s Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney’s Old Key West Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney’s Pop Century Resort, Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter, Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – Riverside, Disney’s Riviera Resort, Disney’s Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney’s Wilderness Lodge, Disney’s Yacht Club Resort
How do I view my existing hotel reservation?
View an existing Disney Resort hotel reservation on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience. You will have to sign in to view your reservation.If you’ve visited the above page, but you still don’t see your reservation, you may have to link it to your disneyworld.com account, . You will need your Resort Confirmation Number.If you continue to have problems finding a reservation, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I arrived early, but my room's not ready yet. What can I do?
No worries! You can use your MagicBand or the Unlock Door feature on the My Disney Experience app,  to enjoy your Disney Resort hotel in a variety of areas—including the swimming pool—before your room is available.Have luggage? Drop it off with Valet, Bell Service or Luggage Assistance at the entrance of your Resort for storage until your room is ready.If you take advantage of Disney′s Magical Express transportation, , we can deliver your luggage directly to your room when it is available, so you are free to start enjoying Walt Disney World Resort. Only select Disney Resort hotels,  offer access to Disney’s Magical Express transportation.If you have a Disney dining plan, you can start using it the day you’re scheduled to arrive even before your room is available. Feel free to take advantage of quick-service locations in the hotel to utilize entitlements of the plan, such as getting a refillable drink mug, snack or a meal. To redeem, Guests need to show their MagicBand or card. If you don’t have a MagicBand, but have one awaiting your pickup at the Front Desk of your Disney Resort hotel, you can retrieve it at your convenience.*, Check-in time for all Disney Resort hotels is 3:00 PM, except for Disney Deluxe Villa Resorts, which have a check-in time of 4:00 PM. The checkout time is 11:00 AM.* Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.
Why have you updated your rules and policies?
These updates are intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits by, among other things, easing guest flow and reducing congestion.What is changing?, For a complete list of property rules, please visit Disneyworld.com/rules.Key policy changes, which are designed to, among other things, help improve guest flow, ease congestion and make the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits include:Smoking areas will no longer be present in our domestic theme parks, water parks and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex. Guests may use designated smoking areas outside of the parks, at Disney Resort hotels and at Disney Springs.Strollers must be 31” (79cm) wide and 52” (132cm) long or smaller.As a reminder, wagons are not permitted in our parks. Stroller wagons will also no longer be permitted.Loose and dry ice is not permitted in our parks. Reusable ice packs are recommended.Why is smoking no longer allowed at Walt Disney World Resort theme parks, water parks and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?, Walt Disney World Resort makes updates from time to time and the removal of smoking areas is intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits.Are electronic cigarettes and vaping permitted at Walt Disney World Resort?, Smoking and vaping are only permitted in designated smoking areas.Where can guests smoke?, Guests may smoke in designated areas located outside the park entry points and in specified areas at Disney Resort hotels and Disney Springs. , Why are you reducing the size of strollers and prohibiting wagons in your theme parks and water parks?, Walt Disney World Resort makes updates from time to time, and the reduction of stroller sizes is intended to ease guest flow and reduce congestion, making the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits. Many strollers, including many double jogging strollers, fit within these guidelines.Are stroller-wagons permitted?, Stroller wagons, whether pushed or pulled, will not be permitted at any theme park or water park or at indoor venues at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex.What if my stroller is larger than the size allowed?, Strollers are available for rent at the parks. Guests who have additional questions on the stroller policy may visit Guest Relations for more information.How do I ensure my stroller falls within the size guidelines?, Strollers should be no larger than 31” (79 cm) wide and 52” (132cm) long when measured across the widest and longest points.Why is loose or dry ice not permitted in your parks?, In order to improve guest flow, ease congestion and streamline the bag-check and entry processes, loose and dry ice is not permitted. Reusable ice packs are recommended.What happens if I need ice for baby food, medicine, or some other item?, Reusable ice packs are recommended. Cups of ice are available at no charge at Food & Beverage locations.Where can guests with disabilities find more information on the rule and policy updates?, Nothing has changed about how we make accommodations for guests with disabilities. Meeting their needs is extremely important to us. Guests with disabilities who have questions or concerns about any of the updates may visit Guest Relations or contact Disability.Services@DisneyParks.com,  or 407-560-2547 to address their needs.
What security measures do you have in place?
We have a comprehensive approach to security that includes measures that are visible and others that are not, including the presence of uniformed police officers. We do not broadly discuss the specifics of our security procedures to avoid compromising their effectiveness.
What areas of Walt Disney World Resort permit smoking?
Walt Disney World theme parks, water parks, ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex and Disney resort hotels are smoke-free environments except for designated smoking areas.At Disney Resort hotels, , smoking is permitted in designated outdoor smoking areas. Smoking is not permitted in guest rooms or on balconies. Guests can request location information at the hotel Front Desk.If you have questions about our smoking policy or wish to locate the nearest designated smoking area, please visit our Designated Smoking Areas page,  or ask a Disney Cast Member.Marijuana, Smoking marijuana is not permitted at any time in Disney Resort hotels, even in designated smoking areas.Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Rules, We regularly update our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Can I smoke on the patio or balcony of my Disney Resort hotel room?
No. Guests may not smoke in their Disney Resort hotel rooms, on patios or on balconies. Each Disney Resort hotel features designated outdoor smoking areas.If you have questions about our smoking policy or wish to locate the nearest designated smoking area, please visit our Designated Smoking Areas page,  or ask a Disney Cast Member.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
How is the Disney Resort hotel smoke-free policy enforced?
To cover the costs of cleaning and restoring the room to a smoke-free condition, a US $250 to US $500 room recovery fee plus tax (based on the Disney Resort hotel and room type) will be charged to Guests who smoke in hotel rooms, on balconies or on patios.Each Disney Resort hotel features designated outdoor smoking areas. The Concierge and Front Desk are available to direct you to the nearest smoking location.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
Is 
Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  is available during , Extra Magic Hours,  at , Disney's Hollywood Studios, —but the new Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  attraction is not included at this time.Extra Magic Hours is a benefit for Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels,  and other select hotels. During Extra Magic Hours, one of the Walt Disney World theme parks opens early or closes later to allow eligible Guests to enjoy select attractions.Valid theme park admission and hotel ID is required.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
When will 
The opening date for Star Wars, : Galactic Starcruiser, —an all-new, 2-night adventure at Walt Disney World Resort—has not yet been announced. Please continue to , check the Disney Parks Blog,  for updates. We look forward to sharing more!, Love Star Wars, ? Learn about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
Can I view a package or hotel reservation booked by my travel agent?
Yes. To do so, you must first link the reservation with your Disney account, . Once your reservation has been linked, you will be able to view a package or hotel reservation that you booked through a travel professional.Please note: You will need the Resort Confirmation Number provided by your travel professional in order to link your reservation.If you have previously linked the reservation with your Disney account, you can view your reservation on the My Reservations page. You will have to sign in to your account,  to view My Reservations.If you continue to have problems finding your reservation, please contact your travel professional.
I recently booked a room-only reservation. Can I upgrade my reservation to a vacation package?
Yes. The best way to upgrade your room-only reservation to a vacation package is to book a new package online, and then cancel* your current booking via My Reservations.If you experience any issues with this process, please call (407) 934-7639. Guest under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. *Cancellations of room-only reservations within 5 days of arrival may incur a cancellation fee.
Where can I use Disney Dollars at Walt Disney World Resort?
Disney Dollars are accepted at the following Walt Disney World Resort locations:Ticketing locations, Food and beverage venues, Merchandise locations, Recreation areas, Your Disney Resort hotel Front Desk, Your Disney Resort hotel concierge, Guest Relations at Disney theme parks and water parks, Disney Dollars Are No Longer Available for Purchase, While Disney Dollars are no longer available to purchase, Guests may continue to use previously purchased Disney Dollars at Walt Disney World Resort, the Disneyland Resort,  and select Disney Store locations in the United States.Looking to give a great gift for someone who loves Disney? Please consider giving a Disney Gift Card.
Can Disney Vacation Club Members use the Direct-to-Room service when using Vacation Points or cash reservations?
Yes. Disney Vacation Club Members are able to use the Direct-to-Room service when staying at participating Disney Resort hotels.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Does the Walt Disney World Resort bus transportation system accommodate wheelchairs?
Yes. The complimentary Walt Disney World Resort bus transportation system does accommodate wheelchairs. To help us plan ahead, please indicate that you will be traveling with a wheelchair when you book your vacation.Learn more about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.
If I rent a wheelchair or ECV, do I get to keep it for my entire stay?
Wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs) rented at most Walt Disney World destinations, —including our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs, —are only for one specific location and must be returned before exiting.Length-of-stay rental tickets are available for a one-time payment, but wheelchairs or ECVs must still be returned before exiting each location.In addition to our theme parks, water parks and Disney Springs, there are also a limited number of wheelchairs available for rental at select Disney Resort hotels; these rentals can be kept for your entire stay.Before your next visit, be sure to learn more about wheelchair rentals,  or ECV rentals.
What is a Disney dining plan and how does it work?
Disney dining plans are a convenient and flexible way to enjoy meals and snacks at many of the restaurants and food service locations at Walt Disney World Resort. Dining plans are included in some Disney Resort Hotel Packages, —which also include a Resort hotel stay and theme park tickets.Learn more about Disney dining plans—including the detail about how each plan works.
Are Disney dining plans available separately from vacation packages?
No. Disney dining plans are only available as part of Disney Resort Hotel Packages, —which also include a Resort hotel stay and theme park tickets.Learn more about Disney Dining Plans.
Are gratuities included with dining plans?
No. Gratuities are not included with packages that include dining plans—unless otherwise indicated.An automatic 18% gratuity charge will be added to your bill for parties of 6 or more. Merchandise or photo-imaging products that may be offered at Character Dining experiences are also not included, except at Cinderella′s Royal Table,  and Akershus Royal Banquet Hall.
How do I determine how many meals and snacks I have left on my dining plan? 
Your dining plan includes a certain number of meal and snack entitlements. The amount of entitlements required for a meal or snack varies based on your specific dining plan and the restaurant and food service locations where you dine.After you dine at a table-service restaurant, your party’s remaining entitlements will be printed on the receipt. Ask your hotel Concierge for a complete printout of your meals used and available.You can also view your remaining entitlements when placing a mobile order on the My Disney Experience app. Learn more about our Disney dining plans.
Do I have to purchase a vacation package to select a Disney dining plan?
Yes. Disney dining plans can only be purchased as part of a Disney Resort Package, , making them flexible and convenient ways to enjoy your Walt Disney World vacation.
How do I make dining reservations for my Disney dining plan?
While all of our dining plans are flexible, your dining plan entitlements are only valid at select Walt Disney World restaurants and food service locations.When you book your reservations online, , you have the option to only show restaurants that participate in a Disney dining plan. Before you confirm your reservation, please double check to ensure that the location accepts your specific dining plan.Learn more about Disney dining plans—including available dining locations for each plan.
What is considered a dining plan snack?
The details about what is considered a snack—and where they are available—are specific to your dining plan. Learn more about Disney dining plans—including the details of each plan.
What kinds of prices can I expect to pay for food inside the theme parks and at Disney Resort hotels?
Costs will vary from location to location, and are all listed online. Each spot has ranked according to price using an easy-to-follow, dollar sign breakdown:$ ($14.99 and under per adult), $$ ($15 to $34.99 per adult), $$$ ($35 to $59.99 per adult), $$$$ (over $60 per adult), Range reflects the average price of adult dinner entrées (breakfast and lunch generally cost less), except Character Dining locations, buffet locations, dinner shows, and special dining events where range reflects the average adult price of entire meal and non-alcoholic beverages. Range excludes alcoholic beverages, taxes and gratuities except at dinner shows where beer and wine, taxes and gratuities are included.
What is Disney Check and what does the Disney Check symbol mean on menus at Walt Disney World restaurants?
Disney Check makes it easy to spot food and beverage choices that fit your family’s healthy lifestyle. When you see Disney Check, you'll know that the food you're looking at is tasty and meets Disney nutritional guidelines!, You can find the Disney Check icon next to specific items on Walt Disney World restaurant,  menus and Disneyland Resort restaurant,  menus—including the online menus found on disneyworld.com,  and disneyland.com,  restaurant pages. In addition, you’ll find Disney Check on various Disney-licensed food products sold at grocery stores across the country and at some of your favorite retail and food-related websites.Learn more about the Disney Check—including specific nutrition guideline information for all food categories.
Which Walt Disney World restaurants take reservations?
Select restaurants at our 4 theme parks, Disney Resort hotels and Disney Springs take reservations. In addition, select dinner shows and special dining events also take reservations. Book reservations online!,  Please note, lounges and quick-service restaurants do not offer reservations.View a complete list of locations that take dining reservations.Disney Dining Plans, Disney dining plans,  are a convenient and flexible way to enjoy many of the restaurants and food-service locations at Walt Disney World Resort. When planning your vacation, consider purchasing a Disney Resort Hotel Package,  with a dining plan—which includes a Disney Resort hotel stay and theme park tickets.Learn more about vacation packages with Disney dining plans.Other Important Details, Reservation availability for select Walt Disney World restaurants typically begins each day at approximately 5:45 AM.Please be aware that if you cancel a restaurant reservation, your previously scheduled reservation time will immediately be made available to another Guest.All newly introduced dining events—such as special dining experiences and dessert parties—can typically be booked beginning at 7:00 AM on the day their offers become available.
How do I make arrangements for Disney Character Dining?
The theme parks and Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort offer a variety of Character Dining opportunities. See all Character Dining venues.Character Dining is very popular, and we strongly recommend that you make reservations,  in advance.
Why is a credit card required to make a dining reservation?
We require your credit card to make a dining reservation and use it as a place holder.Your credit card won’t be charged before you dine with us unless you either don’t show up for your reservation or cancel after 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the day before your arrival. So, we encourage you to keep your reservation and enjoy your dining experience!, For more convenience, add a credit card to your profile. That makes the process of booking reservations proceed even more quickly for you.
What kinds of prices can I expect to pay for food inside the theme parks and at Disney Resort hotels?
Costs will vary from location to location, and are all listed online. Each spot has ranked according to price using an easy-to-follow, dollar sign breakdown:$ ($14.99 and under per adult), $$ ($15 to $34.99 per adult), $$$ ($35 to $59.99 per adult), $$$$ (over $60 per adult), Range reflects the average price of adult dinner entrées (breakfast and lunch generally cost less), except Character Dining locations, buffet locations, dinner shows, and special dining events where range reflects the average adult price of entire meal and non-alcoholic beverages. Range excludes alcoholic beverages, taxes and gratuities except at dinner shows where beer and wine, taxes and gratuities are included.
Are halal meals available at Walt Disney World Resort?
Yes. Halal meals can be accommodated at select restaurants and should be requested at least 24 hours in advance. A halal meal can be requested when making your reservation at a table service restaurant by calling (407) 824-1391. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. For all other restaurants, email Special.Diets@DisneyWorld.com, . Also be sure to indicate any dietary requirements upon arrival at your dining location. Please know there may be a higher wait time due to the special care we take to provide a halal meal. Halal meat options will vary at all locations and in some cases only vegetarian or specific seafood meals will be available.
Can food products from home be prepared by Disney chefs or Cast Members?
No. Our chefs and other Cast Members may not prepare, cook, heat or reheat any food items brought in by our Guests.However, if you have special dietary requests, we will work with you to try and meet your needs. Learn more about Special Dietary Requests. 
Are kosher meals available at Walt Disney World Resort?
Yes. Kosher meals can be accommodated at all table-service and select quick-service restaurants. Kosher meals should be requested 24 hours in advance by calling (407) 824-1391. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. Also be sure to indicate any dietary requirements upon arrival at your dining location. Please know there may be a higher wait time due to the special care we take to provide a kosher meal.
Where can I find Disney Characters?
One of the best ways to see Disney Characters is to make reservations at a restaurant with Character Dining. Character Dining meals are very popular, so book your reservations early!, Theme parks are also home to attractions,  and entertainment,  that feature Disney Characters. Plus, you never know who you might find when you visit the parks—check the printed Guidemap for additional Character Greeting locations.
Why don’t some of my dining reservations appear in the My Plans or My Reservations sections of My Disney Experience?
Your dining reservations are tied to a specific Disney account. It is possible that you made the reservation on another account or you were not signed in when you made the reservations. They also might not be showing up if you made your reservations over the phone, at the hotel concierge or in person at the restaurant.Link an existing dining reservation to your Disney account, . You will have to sign in to link the reservation.If you are still unable to see your dining reservations, please call (407) 939-3463. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I book more than one reservation for the same meal period?
No. Guests are not permitted to book dining reservations within 2 hours of another reservation. This constraint helps us provide you with the most choices and availability when making your dining plans.Other Important Details, Reservation availability for select Walt Disney World restaurants typically begins each day at approximately 5:45 AM.Please be aware that if you cancel a restaurant reservation, your previously scheduled reservation time will immediately be made available to another Guest.All newly introduced dining events—such as special dining experiences and dessert parties—can typically be booked beginning at 7:00 AM on the day their offers become available.
What is a quick-service restaurant?
A Walt Disney World quick-service restaurant offers great food and fast service. They are generally either cafeteria-style or counter-service venues. You order or take the food items that you want, pay for your food and sit down to enjoy your meal.In addition to quick-service restaurants, Walt Disney World Resort features a diverse selection of casual dining and fine dining restaurants that offer sit-down meals with table service. Most casual dining and fine dining restaurants take reservations, , but quick-service restaurants do not.View all quick-service restaurants.
What kind of identification do I need to supply if I wish to enjoy an alcoholic beverage during my visit?
Alcoholic beverages can be purchased at Walt Disney World Resort by all Guests 21 years of age or older.Any Guest who wishes to purchase an alcoholic beverage at Walt Disney World Resort must present one of the following valid forms of identification:U.S. state driver’s license (includes U.S. territories*), U.S. state ID (includes U.S. territories*), U.S. military ID, Original passport, Copy of passport (either on paper or captured on a mobile device), along with a government-issued photo ID** that can verify the person and birth date shown on the copy, NEXUS card issued by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (Canadian Guests only), All Guests visiting from outside of the United States are required to present both a valid passport as well as another form of government-issued photo ID from their country of origin.For all questions concerning our identification requirements, please call (407) 939-6244. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Walt Disney World Resort reserves the right to refuse sale and/or service of alcoholic beverages to anyone.The Walt Disney World Resort alcohol policy is subject to change without notice.*U.S. territories include Puerto Rico, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa.**Foreign driver’s licenses or ID cards are not acceptable by themselves.
Are reservations available at Walt Disney World restaurants?
Yes. Reservations are available—and highly recommended—at select Walt Disney World restaurants. , Book dining reservations online.Other Important Details, Guests are not permitted to book a reservation within 2 hours of another reservation. , Reservation availability for select Walt Disney World restaurants typically begins each day at approximately 5:45 AM.Please be aware that if you cancel a restaurant reservation, your previously scheduled reservation time will immediately be made available to another Guest.All newly introduced dining events—such as special dining experiences and dessert parties—can typically be booked beginning at 7:00 AM on the day their offers become available.
How do I cancel a dining reservation at the Walt Disney World® Resort?
You can cancel your dining reservation online, . Please refer to the cancellation policy provided at the time of your booking and in your email confirmation. , Restaurants offering advance reservations charge a per-person cancellation fee for reservations cancelled after the designated cancellation period, or for no shows. Each restaurant at Walt Disney World® Resort maintains its own cancellation policy, so be sure to confirm the policy before finalizing your reservation. For additional assistance, please call (407) 824-1391.
What restaurants are located within Walt Disney World Resort?
From fine dining to quick snacks, Walt Disney World Resort offers dining options for everyone! Enjoy American classics,  as well as international cuisines such as Italian, Chinese, German, Japanese, African, Mexican and French, . Plus, we offer unique dinner shows,  and special Character Dining,  opportunities!,  View an interactive list of the diverse restaurants available at Walt Disney World Resort.
How do I view an existing dining reservation?
View your existing dining reservations in the My Reservations section of My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservation.Your dining reservations are linked to a specific Disney account. If you do not see your reservations, it is possible that you made the reservation on another account or you were not signed in when you made the reservations. They also might not be showing up if you made your reservations over the phone, at the hotel concierge or in person at the restaurant.If this is the situation, you can link an existing dining reservation to your Disney account.If you are still unable to view your dining reservations online, please call (407) 939-3463. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can Walt Disney World restaurants accommodate special dietary requests?
Special dietary requests—including food allergies, food intolerances, medically restricted diets, kosher and halal meals—can often be accommodated at table-service restaurants and select quick-service locations.If you make a restaurant reservation online, , please be sure to let us know if you have any food allergies or special requests. Learn more about Special Dietary Requests.
Is food available at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?
Yes. You can choose to dine at either the ESPN Wide World of Sports Grill,  or at our snack and beverage concession locations.Learn more about ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex. 
Which Walt Disney World restaurants offer Tables in Wonderland dining benefits?
Tables in Wonderland members can save 20% on food and beverages (including alcohol) at more than 100 participating restaurants across Walt Disney World Resort. This discount is valid for a party of up to 10 Guests, including the member. Plus, members can enjoy complimentary Resort valet and theme park parking when dining at these restaurants.Explore participating restaurants:Resort Hotel Locations, Disney’s All-Star Movies Resort, World Premiere Food Court, Disney’s All-Star Music Resort, Intermission Food Court, Disney’s All-Star Sports Resort, End Zone Food Court, Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge, Boma – Flavors of Africa, Cape Town Lounge and Wine Bar, Jiko – The Cooking Place, Sanaa, Victoria Falls Lounge, Disney’s Art of Animation Resort, Landscape of Flavors, Disney’s Beach Club Resort, Beaches & Cream Soda Shop,  (excludes take-out shop), Cape May Cafe, Martha’s Vineyard, Disney’s BoardWalk Resort, Belle Vue Lounge,  (excludes breakfast), Big River Grille & Brewing Works, ESPN Club, Flying Fish, Trattoria al Forno, Disney’s Contemporary Resort, California Grill, Chef Mickey’s, Outer Rim, The Wave… of American Flavors, Disney’s Coronado Springs Resort, Barcelona Lounge, Dahlia Lounge, Maya Grill, Three Bridges Bar & Grill, Toledo – Tapas, Steak & Seafood, Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground, Crockett’s Tavern, Hoop-Dee-Doo Musical Revue,  (8:30 PM show only), Trail’s End Restaurant,  (excludes take-out shop), Disney’s Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, 1900 Park Fare, Afternoon Tea at Garden View Tea Room, Cítricos, Enchanted Rose, Grand Floridian Café, Narcoossee’s, Disney’s Old Key West Resort, Olivia’s Café, Gurgling Suitcase, Disney’s Polynesian Village Resort, ‘Ohana, Kona Cafe, Disney’s Spirit of Aloha Dinner Show,  (late show only), Tambu Lounge, Disney’s Pop Century Resort, Everything POP Shopping & Dining,  (excludes merchandise from shop), Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter, Sassagoula Floatworks and Food Factory, Scat Cat’s Club, Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – Riverside, Boatwright’s Dining Hall, River Roost, Disney’s Riviera Resort, Topolino’s Terrace – Flavors of the Riviera, Disney’s Saratoga Springs Resort, The Artist’s Palette, The Turf Club Bar and Grill, The Turf Club Lounge, Disney’s Wilderness Lodge, Territory Lounge, Whispering Canyon Cafe, Disney’s Yacht Club Resort, Ale & Compass Lounge, Ale & Compass Restaurant, Crew’s Cup Lounge, Yachtsman Steakhouse, Walt Disney World Swan & Dolphin Resort, Garden Grove, Il Mulino, Kimonos, Shula’s Steak House, Todd English’s bluezoo, Disney’s Vero Beach Resort, The Green Cabin Room, Wind & Waves Bar, Wind & Waves Grill, Walt Disney World Theme Park Locations, Magic Kingdom Park, Be Our Guest Restaurant,  (dinner only), Cinderella’s Royal Table, The Crystal Palace, Jungle Navigation Co. Ltd. Skipper Canteen, Liberty Tree Tavern, The Plaza Restaurant, Tony’s Town Square Restaurant, Epcot, Akershus Royal Banquet Hall, Biergarten Restaurant, Coral Reef Restaurant, The Garden Grill, Le Cellier Steakhouse, Nine Dragons Restaurant, Restaurant Marrakesh, Rose & Crown Dining Room, Rose & Crown Pub, San Angel Inn Restaurante, Spice Road Table, Tokyo Dining, Tutto Italia Ristorante, Via Napoli Ristorante e Pizzeria, Disney’s Hollywood Studios, 50’s Prime Time Café, The Hollywood Brown Derby, Hollywood & Vine, Mama Melrose’s Ristorante Italiano, Sci-Fi Dine-In Theater, Tune-In Lounge, Disney’s Animal Kingdom Park, Flame Tree Barbecue, Nomad Lounge, Pizzafari*, Restaurantosaurus*, Tiffins Restaurant, Tusker House Restaurant, Please note that the Tables in Wonderland discount is not currently available at Pizzafari Family-Style Dining,  and Restaurantosaurus Burgers and Sundaes.Disney Springs Locations, Disney Springs – The Landing, Enzo’s Hideaway, Jock Lindsey’s Hangar Bar, Maria & Enzo’s Ristorante, Morimoto Asia, Paddlefish, Paradiso 37, Taste of the Americas, Raglan Road™ Irish Pub and Restaurant, STK Orlando, Terralina Crafted Italian, Disney Springs – Marketplace, Dockside Margaritas, Disney Springs – West Side, City Works Eatery & Pour House, House of Blues Restaurant & Bar,  (excludes Sunday Brunch) *, Splitsville™ Dining Room,  (excludes merchandise and bowling), Disney Springs – Town Center, Chef Art Smith’s Homecomin', The Edison, Frontera Cocina,  (lunch only), Planet Hollywood,  (includes regular priced merchandise and excludes Stargazers Happy Hour), * This restaurant does not automatically include gratuity. , Important Information, Guests under 18 years of age must have a parent or guardian’s permission to call.Blockout dates apply. All Tables in Wonderland locations are blocked out for Mother’s Day, Easter Sunday, Independence Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day.On Tables in Wonderland blockout dates, there will be a charge for parking and valet services.Tables in Wonderland is not valid toward dessert parties, special dining packages and special dining experiences.Tables in Wonderland is not valid toward festival dining options including, but not limited to, festival marketplaces and special dining packages.Tables in Wonderland is not valid toward Chef’s Tables at Disney Signature Restaurants.The Tables in Wonderland discount applies only to food and beverage items, not Rapid Refill Mugs, merchandise or photo imaging.Tables in Wonderland is valid for one year from date of purchase.Tables in Wonderland does not offer renewal rates. Each year you will need to purchase a new membership.For lost or stolen Tables in Wonderland cards, there is a $50 replacement fee.Participating Restaurants, showtimes, meal periods and dates are subject to change without notice.Showtimes are subject to change without notice.The Tables in Wonderland discount cannot be used in combination with any other discount.Tables in Wonderland memberships are nontransferable. In order to apply the discount, the Tables in Wonderland member must be in attendance during the meal; present their Tables in Wonderland membership card, along with a driver’s license or state ID; and pay for the meal.Credit cards that are used for payment must match the name on the Tables in Wonderland card and the state identification.Theme park admission is required for dining in all theme park restaurant locations. On Tables in Wonderland block-out dates, there will be a charge for parking and valet services.
Do your restaurants have plant-based options?
Yes! Our plant-based options are made with no animal meat, dairy, eggs or honey. They are made with ingredients that come from plants, including grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, seeds and legumes. Plant-based items will be noted with a green leaf icon on dining menus beginning on October 1, 2019 at quick-service locations and October 3, 2019 for table-service locations.We’ve found that many of our vegetarian and vegan guests tailor their diet to their lifestyle and their dietary preferences may vary. While we do not have separate kitchens to prepare plant-based menu items, we make reasonable efforts to avoid cross-contact. If you have questions about specific ingredients, menu items, or shared surfaces or equipment, one of our Cast Members will be happy to help.
How do I take advantage of Extra Magic Hours?
The Extra Magic Hours benefit,  allows registered Guests—with valid theme park admission—of Disney Resort hotels, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel,  and Shades of Green® Resort,  to experience select attractions at the theme parks before or after the parks are open to the general public. Disney Golden Oak Residents or Guests of Disney Golden Oak Residents may also take advantage of Extra Magic Hours. Times and availability varies.To take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours benefit, , each member of your party will need to present one of the following:A valid theme park ticket and MagicBand,  or Key to the World Card, A Disney Golden Oak ID card, Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How can I find out the Extra Magic Hours for a theme park?
View details about Extra Magic Hours,  or on the printed Times Guide that you’ll receive when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel, . The printed Times Guide will also contain the regular park hours for the current week.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Do I need a special ticket for Extra Magic Hours?
Any valid theme park tickets allow you to take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours benefit, . Extra Magic Hours are only available to registered Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel,  and Shades of Green® Resort, —plus Disney Golden Oak Residents or Guests of Disney Golden Oak Residents.When planning your schedule, please remember that to visit more than one theme park per day, you’ll need to purchase the Park Hopper Option or Park Hopper Plus Option on your theme park ticket—or the Ultimate Ticket Option for United Kingdom Guests.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I am staying at a Disney Resort hotel. Can I visit Pandora – The World of Avatar during Extra Magic Hours?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Yes. The Extra Magic Hours benefit,  is available at Pandora – The World of Avatar,  to all Guests with valid theme park admission staying at Disney Resort hotels, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel,  and Shades of Green® Resort, —plus Disney Golden Oak Residents or Guests of Disney Golden Oak Residents.Plan Ahead with FastPass+, If you wish to visit outside of Extra Magic Hours, be sure to make FastPass+ selections,  for Avatar Flight of Passage,  or Na’vi River Journey,  up to 30 days before your visit—or up to 60 days before your Disney Resort hotel,  check-in.View park hours.
How do I take advantage of Extra Magic Hours?
The Extra Magic Hours benefit,  allows registered Guests—with valid theme park admission—of Disney Resort hotels, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel,  and Shades of Green® Resort,  to experience select attractions at the theme parks before or after the parks are open to the general public. Disney Golden Oak Residents or Guests of Disney Golden Oak Residents may also take advantage of Extra Magic Hours. Times and availability varies.To take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours benefit, , each member of your party will need to present one of the following:A valid theme park ticket and MagicBand,  or Key to the World Card, A Disney Golden Oak ID card, Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How can I find out the Extra Magic Hours for a theme park?
View details about Extra Magic Hours,  or on the printed Times Guide that you’ll receive when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel, . The printed Times Guide will also contain the regular park hours for the current week.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Do I need a special ticket for Extra Magic Hours?
Any valid theme park tickets allow you to take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours benefit, . Extra Magic Hours are only available to registered Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel,  and Shades of Green® Resort, —plus Disney Golden Oak Residents or Guests of Disney Golden Oak Residents.When planning your schedule, please remember that to visit more than one theme park per day, you’ll need to purchase the Park Hopper Option or Park Hopper Plus Option on your theme park ticket—or the Ultimate Ticket Option for United Kingdom Guests.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
What are the theme park operating hours?
View our interactive park hours calendar.Operating hours vary by season and from park to park. Hours are subject to change and may do so at any time without notice.
Are maps of Walt Disney World theme parks available in advance of my visit? 
Yes. View our interactive online maps.Using advanced Google Maps technology, our interactive maps provide an overview of Walt Disney World Resort—including the theme parks, water parks, Disney Resort hotels, golf courses, attractions, shopping, dining, entertainment and Guest Services.
What information do your online maps contain?
Our interactive maps,  provide much of the information that you need to familiarize yourself with Walt Disney World Resort and plan your visit. Using advanced Google Maps technology, our interactive maps show the locations of theme parks, water parks, Disney Resort hotels, golf courses, attractions, shopping, dining, entertainment and Guest Services—including details such as ATMs, lockers and baby care centers. 
Is the Play Disney Parks mobile app the same app as the My Disney Experience app at Walt Disney World Resort?
No. The Play Disney Parks,  app is a separate, first-of-its-kind Disney app that gives Guests the chance to explore and have fun at the Walt Disney World theme parks in a whole new way.While the popular My Disney Experience,  app at Walt Disney World Resort will continue serving Guests in their vacation planning before and during their visits, the all-new Play Disney Parks app gives you even more ways to enhance the in-park experience—with in-queue games you can play while waiting in line for select attractions, interactive park experiences that brings surrounding environments to life, Disney trivia, magical achievements and much more.To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
Do I need to have an active Apple Music subscription in order to listen to music on the Play Disney Parks mobile app?
No. You can listen to samples of songs on the Play Disney Parks,  app without an Apple Music subscription. However, in order to listen to full songs from the curated playlists inspired by the Disney theme parks, an active Apple Music subscription is required. Please note that some Guests may qualify for a 3-month free trial of Apple Music (additional terms and conditions apply).To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
I’ve been hearing a lot of fun things lately about the Play Disney Parks mobile app! What kinds of experiences can I enjoy with the app at Walt Disney World Resort?
There are lots of fun ways to use the Play Disney Parks app,  at the Walt Disney World theme parks! While using this all-new app, family and friends can enjoy in-queue games while waiting in line—along with some other fun and interactive experiences—at the following attractions:Gorilla Falls Exploration Trail,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, Maharajah Jungle Trek,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, Peter Pan’s Flight,  – Magic Kingdom park, Rafiki’s Planet Watch at Conservation Station,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, Slinky Dog Dash,  – Disney’s Hollywood Studios, Space Mountain,  – Magic Kingdom park, Toy Story Mania!,  – Disney’s Hollywood Studios, Tree of Life,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, In addition to these experiences, you’ll find some of our current interactive park offerings too, now easier than ever to access from the Play Disney Parks app—including:Soarin’ Challenge at Soarin' Around the World,  – Epcot, Agent P's World Showcase Adventure,  – Epcot, While you play, you’ll also have the chance to earn and share an assortment of themed achievements—digital collectibles all their own that you’ll receive for your experiences both in the app and across the Disney parks. And with the Disney trivia feature, family and friends can work together, uncover fun facts and discover what it takes to become Disney trivia masters.Finally, the Play Disney Parks app can help you celebrate your trip to Walt Disney World Resort with the music of Disney and the classic sounds of the theme parks! Listen to Apple Music in the Play Disney Parks app to access official playlists inspired by beloved lands, attractions and characters (Apple Music subscription required).Please note that certain features of the app may be available only when Guests have logged in with their Disney account (available to Guests 13 years of age or older).To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
Will I be able to enjoy the Play Disney Parks mobile app experiences by myself on my next Walt Disney World visit, or will I need my friends or family to be able to play?
There are many experiences that await you while using the Play Disney Parks,  mobile app at the theme parks of Walt Disney World Resort—some that require help from your friends or family members and others that you can play by yourself!, The in-queue games within the Play Disney Parks app require a minimum of two players per game. These interactive experiences are designed for the whole family to enjoy together and can be played while waiting in line for the following attractions:Peter Pan’s Flight,  – Magic Kingdom park, Slinky Dog Dash,  – Disney’s Hollywood Studios, Space Mountain,  – Magic Kingdom park, Toy Story Mania!,  – Disney’s Hollywood Studios, Meanwhile Disney trivia, select themed achievements and other available interactive experiences require only one Guest to enjoy. This includes Soarin’ Challenge at Soarin’ Around the World,  and Agent P’s World Showcase Adventure, , both at Epcot—in addition to experiences at the following Disney’s Animal Kingdom attractions:Gorilla Falls Exploration Trail, Maharajah Jungle Trek, Rafiki’s Planet Watch at Conservation Station, Tree of Life, Please note that certain features of the app may be available only when Guests have logged in with their Disney account (available to Guests 13 years of age or older).To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
Do I have to be physically present at Walt Disney World Resort in order to access and enjoy the Play Disney Parks mobile app?
No. You can access many of the Play Disney Parks,  app experiences from anywhere!, The Play Disney Parks app offerings you can enjoy while away from the Walt Disney World theme parks include Disney trivia and Apple Music playlists, in addition to select achievements that can be earned outside of the parks.However, to access in-queue games and select interactive park offerings, you must be located inside of specific theme parks. These experiences and their locations include:Gorilla Falls Exploration Trail,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, Maharajah Jungle Trek,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, Peter Pan’s Flight,  – Magic Kingdom park, Rafiki’s Planet Watch at Conservation Station,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, Slinky Dog Dash,  – Disney’s Hollywood Studios, Space Mountain,  – Magic Kingdom park, Toy Story Mania!,  – Disney’s Hollywood Studios, Tree of Life,  – Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, Soarin’ Challenge at Soarin' Around the World,  – Epcot, Agent P's World Showcase Adventure,  – Epcot, Since each of these experiences is designed to interact with the physical environment and/or the theming of the attraction queues, they can only be unlocked when you’re physically located either in the queue or at the specified location.Please note that Bluetooth, ®,  technology will be key to enjoying the full Play Disney Parks app experience. To access the full experience, be sure to opt to enable location services and Bluetooth technology on your device. This will allow the app to provide location-based experiences through a combination of your mobile device’s GPS and Bluetooth technology capabilities, and Bluetooth technology beacons installed around the parks.To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
If a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I want to cancel or reschedule my vacation, what should I do with my airline tickets? 
If you booked your air travel through the Walt Disney Travel Company and you want to reschedule, we will attempt to rebook your air travel. However, you will be responsible for any cancellation or change fees imposed by the airline. If you did not book your air travel through the Walt Disney Travel Company, you should contact your airline.
Will I be responsible for any cancellation or change fees or other amounts if a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date?
If a hurricane warning is issued by the National Hurricane Center for the Orlando area—or for your place of residence—within 7 days of your scheduled arrival date, you may call in advance to reschedule or cancel your Walt Disney Travel Company Magic Your Way vacation package and most room only reservations (booked directly with Disney) without any cancellation or change fees imposed by Disney.If you have products and services provided by third-party suppliers included in your vacation—such as airlines, hotels, car rental agencies or travel insurance companies—you will continue to be responsible for any non-refundable payments, as well as cancellation or change fees assessed by those suppliers. The policy does not apply to certain special events or dining experiences.This policy also applies to Disney's Vero Beach Resort,  or Disney's Hilton Head Island Resort,  in the event a hurricane warning is issued for those destinations.If you have questions or you wish to reschedule your vacation due to a hurricane warning, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
A hurricane warning has been issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I did not book my package through the Walt Disney Travel Company. Does the Walt Disney Travel Company cancellation policy apply to my package too?
No. You should contact your travel agent or tour operator directly for information relating to the cancellation and change policies that apply to your package.
I received a special offer when I booked my vacation with the Walt Disney Travel Company. If a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I reschedule, will I get the same special offer?
Cast Members will be able to reschedule your vacation to your new desired travel dates if the same special offer is available. If the same special offer is not available Cast Members will assist by identifying alternate offers during your new desired travel dates. All amounts you paid to the Walt Disney Travel Company for rooms, park tickets, dining plans and other Disney products and services will be applied toward your new reservation.Any discounts or special offers applicable to your original confirmed vacation may not apply to the rescheduled vacation travel dates. You are responsible for applicable package pricing for the new vacation dates.
If a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date and I have a sports or group package, does the Walt Disney Travel Company hurricane cancellation policy apply to my package?
The policy only applies to Walt Disney Travel Company Magic Your Way Packages, as well as rooms and packages for sports groups.The policy does not apply to rooms or packages for youth groups, other groups and special events. It also does not apply to meetings and conventions.
What does it mean for my vacation plans if a hurricane warning is issued within 7 days of my arrival date?
If a hurricane warning is issued by the National Hurricane Center for the Orlando area—or for your place of residence—within 7 days of your scheduled arrival date, you may call in advance to reschedule or cancel your Walt Disney Travel Company Disney Resort Hotel Package and most room only reservations (booked directly with Disney) without any cancellation or change fees imposed by Disney.If you have products and services provided by third-party suppliers included in your vacation—such as airlines, hotels, car rental agencies or travel insurance companies—you will continue to be responsible for any non-refundable payments, as well as cancellation or change fees assessed by those suppliers. The policy does not apply to certain special events or dining experiences.This policy also applies to Disney's Vero Beach Resort,  or Disney's Hilton Head Island Resort,  in the event a hurricane warning is issued for those destinations.If you have questions or you wish to reschedule your vacation due to a hurricane warning, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
If I reschedule my vacation to a different date because of a hurricane warning, will I be able to get my same accommodations?
If you are scheduled to arrive within 7 days of a hurricane warning, you may call us in advance to reschedule without a Disney imposed change fee. We cannot guarantee availability of similar accommodations for the new travel dates. All amounts you paid to Disney for rooms, theme park tickets, dining plans and other Disney products and services will be applied toward your new reservation.Any discounts or special offers applicable to your original confirmed vacation will not apply to the rescheduled vacation travel dates. You are responsible for applicable package pricing for the new vacation dates.The policy does not apply to certain special events and dining experiences. 
Why have you updated your rules and policies?
These updates are intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits by, among other things, easing guest flow and reducing congestion.What is changing?, For a complete list of property rules, please visit Disneyworld.com/rules.Key policy changes, which are designed to, among other things, help improve guest flow, ease congestion and make the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits include:Smoking areas will no longer be present in our domestic theme parks, water parks and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex. Guests may use designated smoking areas outside of the parks, at Disney Resort hotels and at Disney Springs.Strollers must be 31” (79cm) wide and 52” (132cm) long or smaller.As a reminder, wagons are not permitted in our parks. Stroller wagons will also no longer be permitted.Loose and dry ice is not permitted in our parks. Reusable ice packs are recommended.Why is smoking no longer allowed at Walt Disney World Resort theme parks, water parks and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?, Walt Disney World Resort makes updates from time to time and the removal of smoking areas is intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits.Are electronic cigarettes and vaping permitted at Walt Disney World Resort?, Smoking and vaping are only permitted in designated smoking areas.Where can guests smoke?, Guests may smoke in designated areas located outside the park entry points and in specified areas at Disney Resort hotels and Disney Springs. , Why are you reducing the size of strollers and prohibiting wagons in your theme parks and water parks?, Walt Disney World Resort makes updates from time to time, and the reduction of stroller sizes is intended to ease guest flow and reduce congestion, making the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits. Many strollers, including many double jogging strollers, fit within these guidelines.Are stroller-wagons permitted?, Stroller wagons, whether pushed or pulled, will not be permitted at any theme park or water park or at indoor venues at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex.What if my stroller is larger than the size allowed?, Strollers are available for rent at the parks. Guests who have additional questions on the stroller policy may visit Guest Relations for more information.How do I ensure my stroller falls within the size guidelines?, Strollers should be no larger than 31” (79 cm) wide and 52” (132cm) long when measured across the widest and longest points.Why is loose or dry ice not permitted in your parks?, In order to improve guest flow, ease congestion and streamline the bag-check and entry processes, loose and dry ice is not permitted. Reusable ice packs are recommended.What happens if I need ice for baby food, medicine, or some other item?, Reusable ice packs are recommended. Cups of ice are available at no charge at Food & Beverage locations.Where can guests with disabilities find more information on the rule and policy updates?, Nothing has changed about how we make accommodations for guests with disabilities. Meeting their needs is extremely important to us. Guests with disabilities who have questions or concerns about any of the updates may visit Guest Relations or contact Disability.Services@DisneyParks.com,  or 407-560-2547 to address their needs.
What areas of Walt Disney World Resort permit smoking?
Walt Disney World theme parks, water parks, ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex and Disney resort hotels are smoke-free environments except for designated smoking areas.At Disney Resort hotels, , smoking is permitted in designated outdoor smoking areas. Smoking is not permitted in guest rooms or on balconies. Guests can request location information at the hotel Front Desk.If you have questions about our smoking policy or wish to locate the nearest designated smoking area, please visit our Designated Smoking Areas page,  or ask a Disney Cast Member.Marijuana, Smoking marijuana is not permitted at any time in Disney Resort hotels, even in designated smoking areas.Please Check Our Walt Disney World Resort Rules, We regularly update our Walt Disney World Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Can I smoke on the patio or balcony of my Disney Resort hotel room?
No. Guests may not smoke in their Disney Resort hotel rooms, on patios or on balconies. Each Disney Resort hotel features designated outdoor smoking areas.If you have questions about our smoking policy or wish to locate the nearest designated smoking area, please visit our Designated Smoking Areas page,  or ask a Disney Cast Member.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
How is the Disney Resort hotel smoke-free policy enforced?
To cover the costs of cleaning and restoring the room to a smoke-free condition, a US $250 to US $500 room recovery fee plus tax (based on the Disney Resort hotel and room type) will be charged to Guests who smoke in hotel rooms, on balconies or on patios.Each Disney Resort hotel features designated outdoor smoking areas. The Concierge and Front Desk are available to direct you to the nearest smoking location.View a complete list of the Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort.
Is there parking at Disney Springs?
Yes. Self-parking is complimentary in our surface lots and garages. Look for signs directing you to available parking.Valet parking is available in the following 3 areas:Near the entrance to the Orange Garage from 10:00 AM to 2:00 AM, On West Side in front of Cirque du Soleil from 4:00 PM to 2:00 AM, In the Lemon Lot near the World of Disney shop from 10:00 AM to 2:00 AM, The cost of valet parking is $20 and will be collected at the time of pick-up. Gratuity is not included.Designated parking spaces for Guests with disabilities are available in both the Orange and Lime Garages. A valid disability parking permit is required. Wheelchair, ECV,  and stroller rentals,  are available at the nearby Sundries location next to the Town Center bus loop.If you’re staying with us and prefer not to drive, complimentary transportation is available between Disney Resort hotels,  and Disney Springs.Learn more about transportation,  and parking,  at Walt Disney World Resort.
What is Disney Springs? 
Disney Springs is a themed retail, dining and entertainment center inspired by Florida's charming waterfront towns, historic architecture and natural beauty. The sprawling promenade features 4 distinct neighborhoods―The Landing, Marketplace, West Side and Town Center—built around bubbling springs.Learn more about what's happening at Disney Springs on the website, Disney Parks Blog, , or follow @DisneySprings on Twitter for real-time updates.
How much does it cost to park at Disney Springs at Walt Disney World Resort? 
Self-parking in our surface parking lots and parking garages is complimentary...Valet parking is available in the following 3 areas:Near the entrance to the Orange Garage from 10:00 AM to 2:00 AM, On West Side in front of Cirque du Soleil from 4:00 PM to 2:00 AM, In the Lemon Lot near the World of Disney shop from 10:00 AM to 2:00 AM, The cost of valet parking is $20 and will be collected at the time of pick-up. Gratuity is not included.Staying at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel? Take advantage of complimentary transportation by bus or boat. Many area accommodations also provide or arrange transportation to and from Disney Springs.
Is there a way to get to Disney Springs without driving?
If you are staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , we encourage you to use our complimentary bus and water transportation,  to Disney Springs. From Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa, , a pedestrian bridge lets you walk directly to Disney Springs Marketplace.Bus transportation links Walt Disney World Resort Hotels to a stop at Disney Springs Town Center. These hotels offer water transportation to each of the Disney Springs neighborhoods:Disney's Port Orleans Resort—French Quarter, Disney's Port Orleans Resort—Riverside, Disney's Old Key West Resort, Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa, Learn more about transportation,  and parking,  at Walt Disney World Resort.
What security measures do you have in place?
We have a comprehensive approach to security that includes measures that are visible and others that are not, including the presence of uniformed police officers. We do not broadly discuss the specifics of our security procedures to avoid compromising their effectiveness.
What types of shopping and dining experiences are at Disney Springs?
From intimate boutiques to stunning flagship locations, Disney Springs is home to over 150 offerings ranging from Disney-themed shops to noteworthy brands. While you're here, be sure you visit the expanded World of Disney,  store, which is the largest Disney character store in the world.There’s so much to see and do at Disney Springs! Stores are brimming with merchandise ranging from fashion apparel and jewelry to collectibles and artwork. Stop for a snack and coffee or cold drink, listen to talented musical performers, or enjoy a gourmet meal at one of the many fine dining restaurants. And cap off your visit with a first-run movie or an exhilarating round of bowling.View the amazing assortment of retail, dining,  and entertainment,  options available at Disney Springs.
Which Walt Disney World golf course do you recommend for beginners?
For beginner and novice golfers, we recommend the shorter and more tranquil experience on Disney's Oak Trail Golf Course.This 9-hole walking course provides a more enjoyable golf experience for beginning golfers and families with smaller children. It is a great place to try to improve your game.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
What will happen if I have to cancel my tee time or reduce the number of players at a Walt Disney World golf course?
If you do not cancel or reduce your number of players 24 hours before your scheduled tee time, you may be subject to a charge on the credit card that you provided when you made your reservation.If your plans or your party size have changed, please call the Golf Master Starter at (407) WDW-GOLF or (407) 939-4653 to cancel or modify your reservation. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. If you made your tee time reservations online, you are also able to cancel online.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Is there a GPS Yardage System on the golf carts at Walt Disney World golf courses?
Yes. A GPS (Global Positioning System) device is located on the golf carts at our 3 championship golf courses. This helpful system provides precise yardages, hole diagrams, pin locations and other useful information. It also helps maintain an enjoyable pace of play for all players.Disney's Oak Trail Golf Course,  is a walking course and GPS systems are not available there.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Is there a cart fee in addition to the stated greens fee for Walt Disney World Resort golf courses?
No. We do not add a cart fee in addition to a player′s greens fee.Our greens fee includes the use of a golf cart (normally shared by 2) equipped with a small cooler, a sand bucket to fill divots, GPS yardage system, front windshields and rear pull-down club covers.Disney′s Oak Trail Golf Course,  is a walking course, and golf carts are not provided or permitted there.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can you store and transfer my clubs to another Walt Disney World golf course? 
Yes. You are welcome to store your clubs at any Walt Disney World golf course.As of January 1, 2020, a $5 per night per bag storage fee will apply for golf bags that are retained overnight at our facilities before, during and/or after your visit to any Walt Disney World Resort Golf Course. The appropriate charge will be assessed at the time of check-in for your initial round of golf based on how many days you anticipate storing your golf equipment at our facilities.We will also transfer your clubs from one Walt Disney World golf course to another. These transfers are made at the beginning of each day, so please consider this option when planning your schedule.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Are the Walt Disney World Resort golf courses accessible to Guests with disabilities?
Yes. All Walt Disney World Resort golf courses offer single-rider, adaptive golf carts and feature clubhouse accommodations for Guests with disabilities. Please call the Golf Master Starter at (407) WDW-GOLF or (407) 939-4653 for more information or to book your tee time. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Tee time reservations can be made 60 days in advance—or 90 days in advance if you are a Guest of a Disney Resort hotel.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort,  or learn more about how we help accommodate Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort. 
Do you have locker rooms and shower facilities at the Walt Disney World golf courses?
Yes. We have lockers and shower facilities for men and women at each of our golf courses. Please see the pro shop staff for a locker key. There is no fee for locker usage.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Who operates the Walt Disney World golf courses?
The Walt Disney World golf courses are owned by The Walt Disney Company and operated by Arnold Palmer Golf Management.Arnold Palmer Golf Management is one of the premier golf operators in the world, and we are proud to work with them to provide a world-class golfing experience.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Why is a credit card required with my tee time reservation for a Walt Disney World golf course?
In order to provide you with a better selection of tee times, we require Guests to secure tee time reservations with a credit card. Unfortunately, if a credit card is not required, increased numbers of no-shows take away opportunities for other Guests.Your card will not be charged when the reservation is made. However, you are subject to being charged a cancellation fee of $25 from May to September and $40 from October to April, if you do not cancel your tee time at least 24 hours in advance.If your plans or party size change, please call the Golf Master Starter at (407) WDW-GOLF or (407) 939-4653 to cancel or modify your reservation. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. If you made your tee time reservations online, you are also able to cancel online.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
What is the dress code for the Walt Disney World golf courses?
Men are required to wear slacks or Bermuda-length shorts and collared golf shirts. Denim shorts, jeans, T-shirts, sleeveless shirts, denim shirts and shirts with inappropriate words or images are not permitted.Women are required to wear Bermuda-length shorts, skirts, skorts, capris or slacks. Women may wear sleeveless shirts. Tank-tops or tube-tops are not permitted.Attire that is not appropriate—and which may result in refusal of admittance—includes but is not limited to:Clothing with objectionable material, including obscene language or graphics , Excessively torn clothing , Clothing which, by nature, exposes excessive portions of the skin that may be viewed as inappropriate for a family environment , Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Which Walt Disney World golf course is most appropriate for my skill level? 
Our 3 golf courses are 18-hole championship layouts playing to a par of 72. Each of these courses is suitable for golfers of all skill levels:Disney's Magnolia Golf Course, Disney's Palm Golf Course, Disney's Lake Buena Vista Golf Course, For less-skilled golfers who are still learning to play or families with young children, we recommend our 9-hole walking course, Disney′s Oak Trail Golf Course.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Are there food and beverage carts on the Walt Disney World golf courses?
Yes. We offer food and beverage cart service on our golf courses. Carts offer assorted beverages, snacks, sandwiches and cigars.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
What types of shoes and spikes are permitted on Walt Disney World golf courses?
To preserve the high quality of our greens, we require the use of metal spike alternatives such as soft spikes or spikeless golf shoes on our courses. Tennis shoes and other relatively flat, rubber-soled shoes are also permitted, provided they do not have significant ridges, waffle patterns or a prominent heel.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Is golf club sharing permitted at Walt Disney World golf courses?
Golf club sharing is not permitted. All players are required to have their own bag and clubs.Golf bags are available for rent if you wish to travel with clubs for multiple players in a single bag and split them up when you arrive at the course. We also offer rental clubs and shoes. Golf balls, apparel and accessories are available for purchase at our pro shops.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Will you pair golfers with other players if we do not have a foursome at a championship Walt Disney World golf course?
Yes. In order to give all our Guests the opportunity to play, we do try to pair players into foursomes whenever practical. This practice promotes a consistent pace of play.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
What will happen if I'm late for my tee time at a Walt Disney World golf course?
If you are unavoidably detained and arrive late, our golf staff will do their best to accommodate you whenever possible.However, to provide the best experience for other golfers, we ask that you arrive at least 30 minutes prior to your tee time—to allow for your check-in at the pro shop, golf cart assignment and an adequate warm-up.If your plans or party size have changed, please call the Golf Master Starter at (407) WDW-GOLF or (407) 939-4653 to cancel or modify your reservation. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. If you made your tee time reservation online, you are also able to cancel online.Please try to contact us at least 24 hours before your tee time to cancel or modify your reservation.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
I have a non-player who wants to ride along while I play on a Walt Disney World golf course. Do they have to pay a fee?
Yes. Non-player riders are welcome, but they must pay a nominal fee of $15 USD. The fee covers access to our facilities and golf cart usage.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
We have 5 players. Can we play on a Walt Disney World golf course as a fivesome?
We can accommodate any size party or group of golfers, but we limit players to a maximum of 4 Guests per tee time.A party of 5 would be booked as a threesome and twosome—with the understanding that each of these may be paired to fill out foursomes for each tee time.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I bring a cooler with my own beverages to a Walt Disney World golf course?
Personal coolers—or any type of food or beverage storage device—are not permitted on Walt Disney World golf courses.However, each golf cart is equipped with a cooler, and we offer a selection of beverages, snacks and sandwiches for purchase. Outside food and beverage items are not allowed. Comfort stations on the golf courses are equipped with ice machines, cups and water fountains.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Which Walt Disney World golf courses host a PGA TOUR event?
Disney’s Palm Golf Course, Disney’s Magnolia Golf Course,  and Disney's Lake Buena Vista Golf Course,  have all hosted a Disney PGA TOUR tournament. In recent years, Disney’s Palm Golf Course and Disney’s Magnolia Golf Course have hosted a PGA TOUR tournament—with the final 2 rounds played on Disney’s Magnolia Golf Course.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
What happens if I can't finish my round due to rain at a Walt Disney World golf course?
We will provide you with a rain-check to return and complete or restart your round—based on the number of holes that you played.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Are rental clubs and rental shoes available at Walt Disney World golf courses?
Yes. We offer club rentals and shoe rentals. Rental clubs are available for men and women, in both right and left-handed models. Junior clubs are available at Disney's Oak Trail Golf Course, . Rental clubs and shoes do not need to be reserved in advance.We also provide golf tees, so all you need are golf balls and, if necessary, a golf glove. We offer an excellent selection of apparel and accessories at each golf course pro shop.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Is complimentary transportation provided from my Disney Resort hotel to the Walt Disney World Resort golf courses?
Yes. Transportation to and from the golf courses is available with complimentary taxi vouchers from select Walt Disney World Resort hotels.Complimentary transportation is for regular play only. It is not available for group play, group outings or tournaments.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
How long will my round take to play at a Walt Disney World championship golf course? What is the normal pace of play?
Walt Disney World Resort features 3 championship courses:• , Disney's Magnolia Golf Course, • , Disney's Palm Golf Course, • , Disney's Lake Buena Vista Golf Course, All 3 courses are USGA pace-rated between 4 hours and 15 minutes and 4 hours and 35 minutes. We have Player Assistants on the courses at busy times to help monitor the pace, and our GPS system provides pace information to all golfers. Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Why is the tee time that I want not available on a Walt Disney World golf course?
Your ideal tee time request may not be available due to high demand, a group golf event or the routine maintenance needed to keep our courses in excellent condition.The Walt Disney World golf courses are very popular. We recommend that you reserve a tee time,  as far in advance as possible. Tee time reservations can be made 60 days in advance—or 90 days in advance if you are a Guest of a Disney Resort hotel.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
I’m interested in playing a Walt Disney World golf course. Do I need a tee time or can I walk up?
We strongly encourage you to reserve a tee time,  in advance, but we also try to accommodate walk-up golfers.It’s always best to reserve a tee time or call the Golf Master Starter at (407) WDW-GOLF or (407) 939-4653—even if it is just a few hours before you wish to play. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.When staying at a Disney Resort hotel, you can reserve a tee time for 2 or more players up to 90 days in advance of play.In order to provide you with a better selection of tee times, we require Guests to secure tee time reservations with a credit card. Your card will not be charged when the reservation is made. However, you are subject to being charged a cancellation fee of $25 from May to September and $40 from October to April, if you do not cancel your tee time at least 24 hours in advance.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Which Walt Disney World golf courses can I walk?
If you prefer to walk, we recommend playing Disney's Oak Trail Golf Course, . Pull-carts are available for rent at this 9-hole walking course. To provide an enjoyable pace of play, we require players to use golf carts at our 3 championship golf courses:• , Disney's Magnolia Golf Course, • , Disney's Palm Golf Course, • , Disney's Lake Buena Vista Golf Course, The championship golf courses include carts in their greens fee.Learn more about golf at Walt Disney World Resort.
Is complimentary transportation available from Orlando International Airport to my Disney Resort hotel?
Yes. When staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you may enjoy access to Disney's Magical Express, —a complimentary roundtrip service that whisks you and your luggage between Orlando International Airport and select Disney Resort hotels via a deluxe motorcoach. If you did not select Disney’s Magical Express and include your flight information when you made your reservation, please contact the booking agent for your Disney Resort hotel reservation.
Are car seats permitted on Disney’s Magical Express motorcoaches?
Child safety seats are not recommended for use on the motorcoach. Not all motorcoaches have seat belts and the seat belts that may be present may not properly secure the child safety seat.Children can sit on an adult's lap or occupy their own seat. Child safety seats may be stowed in the storage compartment underneath the motorcoach.
What are the nearest airports to the Walt Disney World Resort?
Your best option is to fly into Orlando International Airport (MCO). From there, Disney Resort hotel,  Guests can take Disney’s Magical Express service, a complimentary roundtrip service that whisks you between Orlando International Airport and your Disney Resort hotel via a deluxe motorcoach. Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB) is another option, but Disney’s Magical Express service is not available at this location.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Make a Disney’s Magical Express Service Reservation, To make a reservation, select Disney’s Magical Express service when you make your online vacation reservation and include your flight information, or contact the booking agent for your Disney Resort hotel reservation.How to Handle Your Luggage on Your Trip, Guests who choose to use Disney’s Magical Express service will be responsible for picking up any of their checked luggage from the airport’s baggage claim area, so that it can be loaded onto the motorcoach to their Disney Resort hotel. Please know that your luggage will travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.Locate Disney’s Magical Express Service, Disney’s Magical Express service is located at the Main Terminal Building in Terminal B, Level 1 in the Ground Transportation area.Domestic Arrivals, Take the train from your arrival gate to the Main Terminal, disembarking on Level 3. You will need to claim your luggage on Level 2 before proceeding to Disney’s Magical Express service, located in the Ground Transportation Area in Terminal B, Level 1.Guests claiming their luggage in Terminal A of the airport must return to Level 3 to cross to Terminal B before continuing to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney's Magical Express welcome center, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.International Arrivals, Upon exiting your aircraft, enter the U.S. Immigration checkpoint. After retrieving your luggage, proceed to the Customs checkpoint. When exiting the Customs area, keep your checked bags with you to travel on the motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express welcome center, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express.
If I use Disney’s Magical Express service and I check my luggage, when will it be delivered to my hotel room?
Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Guests who choose to use Disney’s Magical Express service will be responsible for picking up any of their checked luggage from the airport’s baggage claim area, so that it can be loaded onto the motorcoach to their Disney Resort hotel.Disney’s Magical Express service is located at the Main Terminal Building in Terminal B, Level 1 in the Ground Transportation area.Domestic Arrivals, Take the train from your arrival gate to the Main Terminal, disembarking on Level 3. You will need to claim your luggage on Level 2 before proceeding to Disney’s Magical Express service, located in the Ground Transportation Area in Terminal B, Level 1.Guests claiming their luggage in Terminal A of the airport must return to Level 3 to cross to Terminal B before continuing to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney's Magical Express service, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.International Arrivals, Upon exiting your aircraft, enter the U.S. Immigration checkpoint. After retrieving your luggage, proceed to the Customs checkpoint. When exiting the Customs area, keep your checked bags with you to travel on the motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express service, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Please know that your luggage will travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express.
Where is Disney's Magical Express located in Orlando International Airport? 
Disney’s Magical Express is in the Main Terminal Building on Terminal B, Level 1 in the Ground Transportation area.View a map of Orlando International Airport.Take the train from your aircraft gate and you will arrive on Level 3 of the Main Terminal Building. Proceed to Terminal B and take the elevator or escalator down to Level 1. If you need to pick up your luggage, remember to stop on Level 2 at baggage claim.Once you check in at Disney’s Magical Express, we will direct you to your motorcoach.
What is Disney's Magical Express Service?
Disney’s Magical Express service is a complimentary roundtrip service that whisks you and your luggage between Orlando International Airport and your Disney Resort hotel,  via a deluxe motor coach.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Guests who choose to use Disney’s Magical Express service will be responsible for picking up any of their checked luggage from the airport’s baggage claim area, so that it can be loaded onto the motorcoach to their Disney Resort hotel.Disney’s Magical Express service is located at the Main Terminal Building in Terminal B, Level 1 in the Ground Transportation area.Domestic Arrivals, Take the train from your arrival gate to the Main Terminal, disembarking on Level 3. You will need to claim your luggage on Level 2 before proceeding to Disney’s Magical Express service, located in the Ground Transportation Area in Terminal B, Level 1.Guests claiming their luggage in Terminal A of the airport must return to Level 3 to cross to Terminal B before continuing to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney's Magical Express service, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.International Arrivals, Upon exiting your aircraft, enter the U.S. Immigration checkpoint. After retrieving your luggage, proceed to the Customs checkpoint. When exiting the Customs area, keep your checked bags with you to travel on the motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express service, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Please know that your luggage will travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express.
What does it cost to use Disney's Magical Express?
Disney's Magical Express,  is a complimentary benefit available to Guests of Disney Resort hotels, . Disney’s Magical Express is continuing to operate, with some modifications. Luggage delivery service is no longer available.
Is Disney’s Magical Express service available to international travelers?
Yes. Disney's Magical Express service,  is available to Guests staying at select Walt Disney World Resort hotels, , whether they are international or domestic travelers.Disney’s Magical Express service is a complimentary roundtrip service that whisks you and your luggage between Orlando International Airport and your Disney Resort hotel via a deluxe motor coach.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Guests who choose to use Disney’s Magical Express service will be responsible for picking up any of their checked luggage from the airport’s baggage claim area, so that it can be loaded onto the motorcoach to their Disney Resort hotel. Disney’s Magical Express service is located at the Main Terminal Building in Terminal B, Level 1 in the Ground Transportation area.Please know that your luggage will travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.
I’m an international Guest with a Disney's Magical Express service reservation, but I did not receive information about the service prior to arrival. What should I do when I arrive at Orlando International Airport?
Upon exiting your aircraft, enter the U.S. Immigration checkpoint. After retrieving your luggage, proceed to the Customs checkpoint.When exiting the Customs area, keep your checked bags with you to travel on the motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express welcome center, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.The luggage you have brought with you since the Immigration Checkpoint can be loaded onto the motorcoach to travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.View a map of Orlando International Airport,  or learn more about Disney's Magical Express.
As an international traveler, do I have to claim my luggage at the airport to use Disney's Magical Express service?
Yes. If the Orlando International Airport is your first point of entry into the United States, please follow the U.S. Customs & Border Protection process and claim your luggage upon disembarking the airplane.If you have already completed the U.S. Customs & Border Protection process by entry into the United States through another United States city, proceed directly to baggage claim to claim your luggage, and then, proceed to Disney's Magical Express in Terminal B, Level 1 to board your motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express Service, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Your luggage can be loaded onto the motorcoach to travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.Learn more about Disney's Magical Express service.
Do I need to purchase a vacation package to use Disney’s Magical Express? 
No. A vacation package is not required. Disney's Magical Express,  is a complimentary service available to Guests of select Disney Resort hotels.If you did not select Disney’s Magical Express and include your flight information when you made your reservation, please contact the booking agent for your Disney Resort hotel reservation.
Which Disney Resort hotels offer Disney's Magical Express?
Disney’s Magical Express,  offers complimentary roundtrip motorcoach transfers and luggage delivery from Orlando International Airport to the following Disney Resort hotels:Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort , Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas – Jambo House, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas – Kidani Village, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Villas, Disney’s BoardWalk Inn, Disney’s BoardWalk Villas, The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, Disney’s Caribbean Beach Resort, Disney’s Contemporary Resort, Copper Creek Villas & Cabins at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney’s Coronado Springs Resort, Disney’s Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, The Villas at the Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney’s Old Key West Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows, Disney’s Pop Century Resort, Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter, Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – Riverside, Disney’s Riviera Resort, Disney’s Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney’s Wilderness Lodge, Disney’s Yacht Club Resort
Do Disney's Magical Express motorcoaches accommodate wheelchairs?
Yes. Remember to indicate that you’ll be traveling with a wheelchair when you book your Disney's Magical Express reservation.If you did not select Disney’s Magical Express and include your flight information when you made your reservation, please contact the booking agent for your Disney Resort hotel reservation.Guests under 18 years of age must have a parent or guardian's permission to call.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express,  or learn more about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.
Does Disney's Magical Express provide wheelchairs upon arrival at Orlando International Airport?
No. Unfortunately, Disney's Magical Express,  does not provide wheelchairs upon arrival at the airport.If you need wheelchair assistance upon arrival at Orlando International Airport, please make arrangements with your airline.Once you have arrived at Walt Disney World Resort, we provide numerous accommodations for Guests with mobility disabilities, including rental wheelchairs and rental electric conveyance vehicles (ECVs). Learn about how Walt Disney World Resort can help accommodate Guests with mobility disabilities.
I did not receive my Disney's Magical Express confirmation letter or luggage tags prior to leaving home. What should I do?
Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport, and are therefore not mailing luggage tags. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Guests who choose to use Disney’s Magical Express service will be responsible for picking up any of their checked luggage from the airport’s baggage claim area, so that it can be loaded onto the motorcoach to their Disney Resort hotel. Please know that your luggage will travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.If you did not receive your Disney's Magical Express confirmation letter prior to leaving home, please speak with a Disney Cast Member at Disney’s Magical Express service.Domestic Arrivals, Take the train from your arrival gate to the Main Terminal, disembarking on Level 3. You will need to claim your luggage on Level 2 before proceeding to Disney’s Magical Express service, located in the Ground Transportation Area in Terminal B, Level 1.Guests claiming their luggage in Terminal A of the airport must return to Level 3 to cross to Terminal B before continuing to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney's Magical Express service, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.International Arrivals, Upon exiting your aircraft, enter the U.S. Immigration checkpoint. After retrieving your luggage, proceed to the Customs checkpoint. When exiting the Customs area, keep your checked bags with you to travel on the motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express servicewelcome center, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express.
On the day I depart from my Disney Resort hotel for Orlando International Airport, how will I know what time a Disney's Magical Express motorcoach will pick me up?
The day before you check out, you’ll receive a transportation notice advising you of the motorcoach departure time, which will be approximately 3 hours prior to your scheduled departure time for domestic flights and 4 hours prior to your scheduled departure time for international flights. You are responsible for bringing your luggage to the motorcoach departure location.If you do not receive this information, please speak to your Disney Resort hotel Concierge or call (866) 599-0951. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. , Be sure to have your Transportation Notice on hand when it’s time for your Disney’s Magical Express departure. Your motorcoach driver will collect the Transportation Notice prior to boarding. Please note: MagicBands cannot be used to check in for your trip from your Disney Resort hotel to Orlando International Airport.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express.
I am taking a Disney’s Magical Express motorcoach back to Orlando International Airport. Where is the motorcoach drop-off location?
Disney’s Magical Express motorcoaches drop off at Orlando International Airport, providing access to all airline ticket counters and departure gates. View a map of Orlando International Airport.The day before you check out, you’ll receive a transportation notice advising you of the motorcoach departure time, which will be approximately 3 hours prior to your scheduled departure time for domestic flights and 4 hours prior to your scheduled departure time for international flights. If you are not checking your luggage to the motorcoach departure location. Bell service luggage assistance is available upon request.Be sure to have your Transportation Notice on hand when it’s time for your Disney’s Magical Express departure. Your motorcoach driver will collect the Transportation Notice prior to boarding. Please note: MagicBands cannot be used to check in for your trip from your Disney Resort hotel to Orlando International Airport.If you do not receive this information, please speak to your Disney Resort hotel Concierge or call (866) 599-0951. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express.
Are Disney Transportation options available for service animals and pets at Walt Disney World Resort?
Select Disney transportation options are available for Guests traveling with service animals and pets at Walt Disney World Resort.Service Animals, Service animals may accompany their owners on Disney Transportation motorcoaches, monorails and watercraft.Pets, Pet dogs may accompany their owners on internal buses at Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground,  and Disney’s Port Orleans Resort, . No other pets are permitted on these buses.Only service animals are allowed on Disney Transportation motorcoaches, monorails or watercraft.
Are service animals and pets permitted on Disney’s Magical Express motorcoaches?
Disney’s Magical Express is available for Guests traveling with service animals and pets at Walt Disney World Resort.Service Animals, Service animals may travel on the Disney’s Magical Express motorcoach in the passenger cabin with their owners.Pets, Pet dogs may travel to a dog-friendly resort on the Disney’s Magical Express motorcoach in the passenger cabin while in a pet carrier. The pet carrier must be provided by the owner, and it must be able to fit safely in a seat on the motorcoach.No other pets are permitted in the passenger cabin or the storage compartment.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express,  or accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
What payment types are accepted by Resort Airline Check-In for baggage fees? 
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available. Ask your airline or check their website for details on how to check in for your flight, and to learn which fees may apply to you.
What is Resort Airline Check-In Service?
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available.
Is there a charge or fee to check my bags at Resort Airline Check-In, and what types of payments are accepted?
Resort Airline Check-In service is no longer available.Learn more about Disney's Magical Express.
I am departing for an international destination. Can I use the Resort Airline Check-In Service available at my hotel?
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available.
Which Disney Resort hotels offer Resort Airline Check-In Service?
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available.
I am an Annual Passholder with a MagicBand and I have a reservation at a Disney Resort hotel. Can I get another MagicBand?
You are eligible to receive a new MagicBand,  by staying at a Disney Resort hotel with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 or purchasing one or you can customize and order a new MagicBand.If you like your current MagicBand, you can continue to use it along with your new MagicBand.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.Getting multiple MagicBands or cards does not give you multiple entitlements, such as park admission. Also, once a MagicBand or card is linked to a person, it cannot be transferred to another person. , If you have multiple MagicBands or cards, you can manage which MagicBands and Cards are active in My Profile, . Don’t see your MagicBand? You may need to link your Resort hotel reservation, link your Annual Pass,  or link the MagicBand,  to your Disney account.
When does my Walt Disney World Annual Pass expire?
If you have linked your Annual Pass to your Disney account, , you can check the expiration date on the My Reservations,  or My Profile,  pages of My Disney Experience, . Please note that the Water Park After 2 Annual Pass will only appear in My Reservations.We can also provide your Annual Pass expiration date at any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window or a Disney Springs , Guest Relations,  location. To verify your identity, please bring a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Why don’t I see my Theme Park Annual Pass in the My Reservations or My Profile sections of My Disney Experience?
We apologize that your pass is not showing up. Even if you have previously added your annual pass to disneyworld.com, you may need to link it again to ensure that it is connected to My Disney Experience.Link your annual pass to My Disney Experience.If you linked your annual pass within the last 48 hours, please wait until 48 hours have passed and check again. If you still do not see your annual pass after 48 hours, please double-check that the pass has not already expired. Fortunately, you can renew your annual pass online.If you have tried to link your annual pass and confirmed that it has not expired, contact us,  and we will help.Water Park Annual Passes only appear in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, not on the About Me,  page in the My Profile,  section.The linking process requires that you have your annual pass in your possession, as you will need the ID numbers printed on the pass. You will also need to sign into your Disney account.Learn more about annual passes for Walt Disney World Resort.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How do I renew my Annual Pass?
There are 3 convenient ways to renew your Annual Pass:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
How much does it cost to renew my annual pass?
You can view Passholder status renewal prices online, , ask at any Walt Disney World ticket window and call (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.There are 3 convenient ways to renew your Passholder status:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location.Though the pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Passholder will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.If you purchased your current pass before October 4, 2015, you may be asked to select one of the new pass types available at the time of your renewal.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I am a Florida resident. Can I renew my Annual Pass online using the Monthly Payment Program?
Yes. Florida residents can renew Annual Passes using the Monthly Payment Program. Your pass can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after it expires.There are 2 convenient ways to renew your Annual Pass with the Monthly Payment Program:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
Can I renew an Annual Pass for a Guest other than myself?
Yes. To renew an Annual Pass for another Guest, you’ll need his or her name, address and Pass ID (located on the bottom of the Pass). Please be aware that proof of Florida residency,  is required for purchase and use of all Annual Passes for Florida Residents..There are 3 convenient ways to renew an Annual Pass:Renew online, . This includes Guests you manage via your Disney account, so long as the Guest in question does not have an account of their own.Renew at Walt Disney World theme park ticket windows and Guest Relations locations, as well as Guest Relations locations at Disney Springs.Renew by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration. If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can still renew online, in person from a theme park ticket window or at Guest Relations locations.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewals taking place in person at Walt Disney World Resort, each Annual Pass owner will still need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I didn't receive my renewal notice and need to renew my Annual Pass. What should I do? 
A renewal notice is not required to renew your Annual Pass. There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I’m an Annual Passholder who opted to cancel my annual pass, and I may be eligible for a refund. How will annual pass refunds be calculated?
If you elected to cancel your pass(es), here’s how your refund will be calculated:Partial Refund Eligibility/Calculation, The refund amount, if any, for each pass circumstance is unique and based on factors such as: new or renewal, down payment amount, refunds to date, activation date, etc.If the total amount that you paid for your pass(es) (minus any refunds already given and any payments waived, returned or not collected) exceeds the “usable value” (see below) of your pass(es), that excess will be refunded to you.The usable value of your pass(es) equals the total sale price of your pass(es) multiplied by the number of days that you could have visited any park prior to March 16 and divided by the total number of access days to any park permitted under the pass(es) at pass activation.If you made a payment between July 11, 2020 and August 11, 2020 or a payment between March 14, 2020 and April 4, 2020 that was not already refunded, your refund will be at least the amount of any such payment(s).How to Take Action, If you have already elected to cancel your pass(es), this will be automatically processed for your pass(es). You do not need to take any additional action.If you have not selected any option (no action) and would like to select this option to cancel your pass(es), please refer to the email from Disney Destinations on July 14, 2020 and use the personalized link available through August 11, 2020. Or, you may call V.I.PASSHOLDER Support at (407) 939-7277. We appreciate your patience as we answer all inquiries.If you previously took action to elect to continue with your pass(es) and now would like to cancel your pass(es), please call V.I.PASSHOLDER Support at (407) 939-7277. If you have further questions, concerns or unique circumstances, now or after August 11, please contact V.I.PASSHOLDER Support for assistance. We appreciate your patience as we answer all inquiries.
I am an Annual Passholder with a MagicBand and an annual pass card. What should I bring to the Walt Disney World theme parks?
Please bring your MagicBand, , annual pass card and a valid photo ID—such as a driver’s license or passport.Your MagicBand can be used for theme park admission.Your annual pass card enables you to access your Passholder entitlements—including theme park admission, food and merchandise discounts and complimentary standard theme park parking, if your pass includes parking. The pass card must be presented—along with a photo ID—at the time of purchase, when you book and when you redeem any Passholder offer.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.
I am a member of Club 33 at Disneyland Park in California and I am visiting Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. How do I receive my Club 33 dining and merchandise discounts?
Please bring your Club 33 Membership Card with you to Walt Disney World Resort to use for theme park admission and to access your Club 33 dining and merchandise discounts. To verify your identity, please bring a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.If both your MagicBand and Club 33 Membership Card are linked to your Disney account, , you can use your MagicBand for entry at Walt Disney World theme parks, but you will still need your Club 33 Membership Card to receive your member discounts.If you have any questions or you need help, please call Club 33 Member Services at (714) 300-7747. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I am a member of Club 33 at Disneyland Park in California, and I am visiting Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. Do I receive a MagicBand?
If you are a member of Club 33, you are eligible to receive a MagicBand.Please follow these simple steps at least 11 days before you plan to visit Walt Disney World Resort and your MagicBand will be delivered straight to your home:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Club 33 Membership Card to your Disney account, , if you have not already done so. Customize your MagicBand.Please continue to bring your Club 33 Membership Card to both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort. You will need the Club 33 Membership Card for admission to Disneyland Resort theme parks and for your Club 33 discounts at both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort. To verify your identity, please bring a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport. MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.If you have any questions or you need help, please call Club 33 Member Services at (714) 300-7747. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I’m an Annual Passholder who opted to continue my annual pass, and I may be eligible for a refund due to the parks closure. How will annual pass refunds be calculated?
If you previously elected to have payments waived (not postponed) during the park closure period, you may be eligible to receive a refund. No additional action is required.Partial Refund Eligibility/Calculation, The refund amount, if any, for each pass circumstance is unique and based on factors such as: new or renewal, down payment amount, refunds to date, future payments, etc.If the total amount that you already paid for your pass(es) (minus any refunds already given and any payments waived, returned or not collected) plus the total amount that you are obligated to pay for your pass(es) in future payments that are not yet due exceeds the “usable value” (see below) of your pass(es), that excess will be automatically refunded to you.The usable value of your pass(es) equals the total sale price of your pass(es) multiplied by the total number of access days to any park permitted under the pass(es) at pass activation excluding the period March 16 – July 10 (March 16 – July 14 if your pass(es) only allow admission to Epcot) and divided by the total number of access days to any park permitted under the pass(es) at pass activation.
I have an annual pass that includes Disney PhotoPass downloads. How do I use Disney PhotoPass Service?
It’s easy to get started! If your pass,  includes Disney PhotoPass downloads, all you need to do is link your valid annual pass to your Disney account,  and you’re ready to visit the Walt Disney World theme parks and begin enjoying Disney PhotoPass Service.While at Walt Disney World Resort, you may use your annual pass, MagicBand,  or Disney PhotoPass card to link photos to your Disney account—including attraction and dining photos.You can view and download eligible photos linked to your Disney account on the Photos & Videos page,  or with the My Disney Experience mobile app, . If you’re not seeing your photos on the Photos & Videos page, please double check that you have linked all relevant annual passes, MagicBands and Disney PhotoPass cards to your Disney account.Have you linked your pass and still need help downloading your photos? View detailed instructions on how to download photos.Learn more about Walt Disney World annual passes—including details on which passes include Disney PhotoPass downloads.
I have an annual pass that includes Disney PhotoPass downloads. How do I download my photos?
If your pass,  includes Disney PhotoPass,  downloads, you can view and download eligible photos linked to your Disney account on the Photos & Videos page,  or with the My Disney Experience mobile app.If you have not already done so, you may need to link your valid annual pass to your Disney account.If you’re not seeing your photos on the Photos & Videos page, please double check that you have linked all relevant annual passes, MagicBands and Disney PhotoPass cards to your Disney account.Have you linked your pass and still need help downloading your photos? View detailed instructions on how to download photos.Learn more about Walt Disney World annual passes—including details on which passes include Disney PhotoPass downloads.
Why am I getting an error message when I try to enter my Annual Pass into my profile?
When entering your Annual Pass into your profile, be sure to include only the digits that make up your Passholder number.If you have additional questions, please visit our visit our phone Directory to contact us.Enter your Annual Pass number on My Profile in My Disney Experience.
I am a Walt Disney World Annual Passholder. How far in advance can I make FastPass+ selections?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Annual Passholders may secure up to 3 experiences per day up to 30 days in advance. Your pass allows you to plan 7 days of FastPass+ selections,  within any 30-day period for one park per day. Secure up to 3 experiences per day up to 30 days in advance—starting at 7:00 AM Eastern Time. And if plans change, it’s easy to update or cancel your selections.Passholders with reservations at a Disney Resort hotel,  can start making FastPass+ selections up to 60 days prior to check-in for the entire length of your stay. Please note that if your length of stay is longer than 2 weeks, FastPass+ selections can be made for up to 14 days.If you have a valid Walt Disney World Annual Pass, please follow these simple steps:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Annual Pass or Passes to your,  account, if you have not already done so.Make your FastPass+ selections.As with Guests using tickets, once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or using your mobile device. After you redeem your initial 3 selections, use the app or head to a kiosk to make another selection. If your Annual Pass permits you to visit a second park on the same day, you have the option to make additional FastPass+ selections at another park—even if you’re in a different park from your original selections!, For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections,  early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.If you have not yet received a MagicBand, , you’ll need to link your Annual Pass to your Disney account,  and customize your MagicBand,  at least 11 days before you plan to visit Walt Disney World Resort. Your MagicBand will be shipped to your home (shipping available to U.S. addresses only).For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.
I am an Annual Passholder and I don’t want to use a MagicBand. Can I still use FastPass+ service?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Yes. MagicBands,  are a convenient option for making your Walt Disney World visit more fun and carefree than ever, but if you prefer not to use a MagicBand, you can continue to use your annual pass for park admission, FastPass+,  service and Passholder discounts.If you are purchasing a new pass, you can receive your pass at any theme park or Disney Springs ticket sales location. To use your Passholder benefits, your pass must be presented along with a photo ID—such as a driver’s license or passport—at the time of purchase, when you book and when you redeem any Passholder offer.Additionally, all theme park Guests can make same-day, same-park FastPass+ selections at our in-park kiosks.Learn more about MyMagic+ and your privacy.
If I purchase a select Florida Resident Annual Pass using the Monthly Payment Program, will it automatically renew?
No. Your Annual Pass is valid for one year from the date of issuance and does not automatically renew. Annual Passes can be manually renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
What proof of residence will I need to provide in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass?
You’ll need to provide proof of a Florida residential address in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass. For each ticket or pass purchased for an adult, you may provide any of the following:Valid Florida driver’s license (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida state-issued ID card (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida-based military ID, *For your convenience, Florida residents with any of the above listed identification can now verify their residency online, which means you can bypass Guest Relations and go straight to the parks! Simply fill out the “Your Florida Resident Information” form upon check-out when you purchase tickets through Disneyworld.com or complete the “Customize Your Tickets” step when you purchase through the My Disney Experience app.If you do not have one of the IDs indicated above, then you must provide one of the following—dated within the past 2 months—evidencing a Florida residential address, along with a corresponding picture ID (passport, driver's license, state identification card):Proof of Current Mortgage, You may use a monthly mortgage statement from within the past 2 months; it may not be more than 2 months old. Deeds, mortgage contracts, mortgage payment booklets and leases are not accepted.Bills, Policies or Registration, Current homeowner's insurance policy or bill, Current automobile registration, insurance policy or bill, Current Utility bill (power / phone / cable / water), Bills can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Mail, Mail from financial institutions, including checking, savings or investment account statements, Mail from federal, state, county or city government agencies, Mail can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Additional members of the same household must only provide proof of same residential address.Current statements and bills printed from electronic versions are accepted, along with electronic bills provided via smart phones and tablet devices.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How do I give someone theme park tickets as a gift?
It’s easy to give Walt Disney World theme park tickets as a gift. Select the tickets that you wish to give,  and proceed to checkout.In the “Guest Information” section on the Checkout page, select the “This order will be a gift” checkbox. Enter the first and last name of the Guest and make your purchase.Please keep in mind that gift orders will not be available immediately. It may take up to 24 hours after you received your email order confirmation before the recipient can pick up their tickets.Picking Up Gift Tickets, To pick up the ticket order at the park Main Entrance ticket window:The gift recipient will need to present the gift receipt and a valid government-issued photo ID.The name you provided for the gift recipient must match the name on the ID. If the recipient is a minor, the minor's parent or legal guardian will need to accompany the minor and present a valid government-issued photo ID.Ready to give some magic? Select your tickets!
How do I renew someone else's annual pass as a gift?
To renew an existing annual pass as a gift, please call (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. After you pay in full, we will mail you a renewal certificate, which you can give to the gift recipient. The recipient can take the renewal certificate to a park Main Entrance ticket window to complete their annual pass renewal.If you’d prefer to renew in person, please visit a park Main Entrance ticket window along with the Annual Passholder. You must both be present to complete the renewal of the pass.Learn more about annual passes.
I linked an Annual Pass to the wrong person in My Disney Experience. How can I match the Annual Pass to the correct person?
If an Annual Pass has not yet been used to enter a park, you can match it online to the correct person in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience.On the My Reservations page, locate the pass that you wish to reassign in the “Paperless Tickets” section and select the “Reassign Ticket” link associated with the pass. You will then be able to match the Annual Pass to the correct person on your Family & Friends list.If you cannot find the Annual Pass that you wish to reassign, please make sure that “Show All” is selected in the dropdown menu in the top-left corner and “My Family” is selected in the dropdown menu in the top-right corner. If you still do not see the Annual Pass, double-check that the person to which the pass is linked is still connected to your Family & Friends list,  and that you are sharing information,  with that person.If an Annual Pass has been used to enter a park, you are unable to reassign it online. Please visit the Guest Relations location at the Main Entrance of any Walt Disney World theme park for assistance.Learn more about Annual Passes for Walt Disney World Resort.
I received an email that asked me to link my Annual Pass to My Disney Experience. How do I link my Annual Pass?
Link your Annual Pass with My Disney Experience, . Once your Theme Park Annual Pass is linked, you will see it listed on the About Me,  page in the My Profile,  section and the My Reservations,  section. You can also add additional Annual Passes for yourself or people on your Family & Friends,  list by selecting the “Add Another Walt Disney World Pass” link on the About Me page.Water Park Annual Passes only appear in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, not on the About Me,  page in the My Profile,  section.The linking process requires that you have your Annual Pass in your possession, as you will need the ID numbers printed on the pass. You will also need to sign into your Disney account.Learn more about Annual Passes for Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I link Annual Passes to My Disney Experience for my family and friends? 
Yes! You can link Annual Passes to family and friends if they are connected to your  Family & Friends list. Link an Annual Pass to My Disney Experience.After you have entered the Annual Pass ID numbers (printed on the pass), you will be asked to match each pass with a person on your Family & Friends list. It’s that easy! If there are several Annual Passes that you wish to link, you are able to add multiple passes at the same time.Learn more about Annual Passes for Walt Disney World Resort.
I recently purchased an annual pass on disneyworld.com and have an exchange certificate. How do I customize and order my MagicBand?
If you have not already done so, please follow these steps to have your MagicBand shipped to your home:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your annual pass or passes to your Disney account, . Your pass may have been linked automatically when you purchased it on disneyworld.com.If you are an Annual Passholder, you may activate your pass at any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations,  location. Please bring your exchange certificate and a valid, government-issued photo ID, such as a driver's license or passport. Once your pass is activated upon first admittance into the theme parks, your MagicBand order will display in your Disney account.To order your MagicBands at pre-arrival prices, visit My MagicBands and Cards, . Remember to place your order at least 11 days before your arrival if you would like your MagicBands shipped to your home and at least 6 days before your arrival to have them shipped to your Resort hotel.Please note that one complimentary MagicBand will be available per each linked annual pass, and that MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.When you customize your MagicBand, the printed name appears on the inside for your privacy. Additionally, MagicBands that you purchase in the park or Disney Springs area will not have printed names, but you can select your preferred design or color.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I’m an Annual Passholder. How often will I receive the Mickey Monitor newsletter?
The Mickey Monitor newsletter is mailed out every February, May, August and November, and each edition includes additional benefits and program updates.  Remember: only one newsletter will be sent per active Walt Disney World Passholder household, and is exclusively available in the United States and Puerto Rico.
What is the best way to make or modify my FastPass+ selections when I am visiting a Walt Disney World theme park?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.There are 3 different ways you can make, update or cancel FastPass+ selections while you’re at any of the theme parks:Open the My Disney Experience app,  on your mobile device and tap FastPass+ in the main menu (linked theme park admission required), Use the browser on your mobile device to go to disneyworld.com and sign in, then navigate to the FastPass+ page,  (linked park admission required), Use one of the in-park FastPass+ kiosks, Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or using your mobile device, based on availability. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time) up to park closing.If you have questions about FastPass+ service or your MagicBand, please stop by any Guest Relations,  location and we’ll be happy to help you.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.
Can I have multiple active MagicBands or cards?
Yes. If you have multiple MagicBands,  or cards linked to your Disney account, you can continue to use as many as your wrists and pockets can carry.However, getting multiple MagicBands or cards does not give you multiple entitlements, such as additional park admission. Also, once a MagicBand or card is linked to a person, it cannot be transferred to another person.You have the ability to manage which MagicBands and cards are active in My Profile, . Don’t see your MagicBand? You may need to link your Resort hotel reservation, link your Annual Pass,  or link the MagicBand,  to your Disney account.
I am an Annual Passholder and my MagicBand did not arrive as scheduled or I forgot to bring it with me. What should I do?
Don’t worry, if your MagicBand,  did not arrive as scheduled or you did not bring it with you, you can still enjoy the Walt Disney World theme parks.Your Passholder card—with a photo ID—remains valid for theme park entry until it expires. You can use your MagicBand when you come back the next time!, If you do not have either your MagicBand or your Passholder card, please visit Guest Relations for assistance. Present a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport, to confirm your identity.Learn what to do if you believe that your MagicBand shipment was accidentally lost.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I am an Annual Passholder who is not currently a Guest of a Disney Resort hotel. Can I use my MagicBand to make purchases?
No. At this time, only Guests who are currently registered Guests at a Disney Resort hotel,  are able to use a MagicBand,  to charge purchases to their room—if they link the MagicBand to a credit card during check-in.However, your MagicBand allows you to enter the parks with your Annual Pass admission and link Disney PhotoPass,  photos to your Disney account.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I make FastPass+ selections for more than one theme park in a single day? 
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.After you use your initial FastPass+ selections at the first park you visit, use a FastPass+ kiosk,  in the second park to make additional FastPass+ selections (one at a time) at a kiosk or using the mobile app at the second park you visit that day, up to park closing.When you also book a stay at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel, , you can start making your FastPass+ selections as early as 60 days―plus the number of days of your stay―prior to your check-in date.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Link theme park admission to your Disney account,  or make FastPass+ selections.
I’m an Annual Passholder who has paid in full. I opted to cancel my annual pass and I may be eligible for a refund. How will annual pass refunds be calculated?
If you elected to cancel your pass(es), here’s how your refund will be calculated:Partial Refund Eligibility/Calculation, The refund amount, if any, for each pass is unique and based on factors such as: new or renewal, refunds to date, and activation date.If the total amount that you paid for your pass(es) (minus any refunds already given) exceeds the “usable value” (see below) of your pass(es), that excess will be refunded to you.The usable value of your pass(es) equals the total sale price of your pass(es) multiplied by the number of days that you could have visited any park prior to March 16 and divided by the total number of access days to any park permitted under the pass(es) at pass activation.How to Take Action, If you have already elected to cancel your pass(es), this will be automatically processed for your pass(es). You do not need to take any additional action.If you have not selected any option (no action) and would like to cancel your pass(es), please refer to the email from Disney Destinations on July 14, 2020 and use the personalized link available through August 11, 2020. Or, you may contact V.I.PASSHOLDER Support at (407) 939-7277. If you have further questions, concerns or unique circumstances, now or after August 11, please contact V.I.PASSHOLDER Support for assistance. We appreciate your patience as we answer all inquiries.If you previously took action to elect to continue with your pass(es) and now would like to cancel your pass(es), please call V.I.PASSHOLDER Support at (407) 939-7277. We appreciate your patience as we answer all inquiries.
I am an Annual Passholder. Can I pick up my MagicBand the next time I visit Walt Disney World Resort?
Unfortunately, we are not able to provide Passholders with their MagicBands when they arrive at Walt Disney World Resort. However, getting your new MagicBand is easy! Just follow these simple steps:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your annual pass or passes to your Disney account, . Your pass may have been linked automatically when you purchased it on disneyworld.com.Activate your pass at any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations,  location. Please bring your exchange certificate and a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Use your annual pass to enter a Walt Disney World theme park or water park.Customize your MagicBand.Once you have completed steps 1 through 5, your MagicBand will be delivered directly to your home. If you would like to use your MagicBand during your next Walt Disney World vacation, please be sure to complete these steps at least 11 days prior to your visit.If it is within 11 days of your next theme park visit or your MagicBand did not arrive as scheduled, you can still enjoy the Walt Disney World theme parks. Your Passholder card—with a photo ID—remains valid for theme park entry until it expires. You can use your new MagicBand when you come back the next time!, MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Do Annual Passholders receive discounts on theme park or water park tickets for other people?
View the latest Passholder discounts—including the complete terms for booking and redeeming discounts.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What special benefits do I get with a Walt Disney World annual pass?
The specific discounts and benefits that you receive depend on which pass,  you purchase. Benefits may include:Complimentary standard parking at Walt Disney World theme parks, Disney PhotoPass downloads, Dining benefits and discounts, Merchandise discounts, Sports and recreation discounts, Tour discounts, Event and entertainment ticket discounts, Benefits and discounts are subject to availability and change.We have recently introduced a whole new set of passes, designed to offer a wider variety of options and entitlements to better fit your needs. If you purchased your current pass before October 4, 2015, your current pass has not changed and your existing benefits,  will remain valid through your pass expiration date. Please continue to enjoy your pass as you always have.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
How do I receive my Annual Passholder discount on food, merchandise and other offerings in the parks, online or in your apps?
It’s easy to receive your discount in the theme parks, online or in our mobile apps.Discounts When Visiting the Theme Parks, Simply present your annual pass card—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport—at the time of purchase, when you book and when you redeem any Passholder offer while at the parks.Discounts When Using Our Website and Mobile Apps, To receive Passholder discounts and benefits for which you are eligible when using disneyworld.com or the My Disney Experience app, , please link your annual pass or passes to your Disney account.Learn more about Walt Disney World Passholder benefits and discounts.
I am an Annual Passholder with a MagicBand and I have a reservation at a Disney Resort hotel. Can I get another MagicBand?
You are eligible to receive a new MagicBand by staying at a... 
I’m a Florida resident and I purchased an Annual Pass with the Monthly Payment Program. Can I pay off my balance at any time?
Yes. If you are a Florida Resident and purchased an annual pass using the monthly payment program, you may pay off your balance in its entirety at any time without penalty by calling Passholder Payment Services at (888) 701-4100. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You can also pay at the ticket booth of any theme park in Walt Disney World Resort or at Disney Springs Guest Relations.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
I purchased an Annual Pass using the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents. Can I change my credit or debit card on file during the payment period?
Yes. You can change the card used for your monthly payments at any time by visiting a Walt Disney World Guest Relations location or by contacting Passholder Payment Services at (888) 701-4100. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are issued a new card during the payment period, be sure to update your card on file.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
I linked my annual pass with My Disney Experience, and the “Thank You!” page says that my link is “Pending.” What does “Pending” mean?
We apologize for the delay. We are processing your annual pass and the link should be completed in 48 hours or less.Once your Theme Park Annual Pass is linked, you will see it listed on the About Me,  page in the My Profile,  section and the My Reservations,  section. You can also add additional annual passes for yourself or people on your Family & Friends,  list by selecting the “Add Another Walt Disney World Pass” link on the About Me page.If it has been more than 48 hours since you started the linking process and your annual pass is still not listed in About Me or My Reservations, please contact us,  and we will make sure that everything is working properly.Water Park Annual Passes only appear in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, not on the About Me,  page in the My Profile,  section.Learn more about Annual Passes for Walt Disney World Resort,  or link another Annual Pass to My Disney Experience . For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I have a Disney Premier Passport. Do I receive a MagicBand?
If you have a Disney Premier Passport, , please follow these simple steps at least 11 days before you plan to visit Walt Disney World Resort and your MagicBand,  will be delivered straight to your home:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Disney Premier Passport to your Disney account, , if you have not already done so.Customize your MagicBand.Please continue to bring your Disney Premier Passport to both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort. You will need the Disney Premier Passport for admission to Disneyland Resort theme parks and for your Passholder discounts at both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort.MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What proof of residence will I need to provide in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass?
You’ll need to provide proof of a Florida residential address in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass. For each ticket or pass purchased for an adult, you may provide any of the following:Valid Florida driver’s license (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida state-issued ID card (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida-based military ID, *For your convenience, Florida residents with any of the above listed identification can now verify their residency online, which means you can bypass Guest Relations and go straight to the parks! Simply fill out the “Your Florida Resident Information” form upon check-out when you purchase tickets through Disneyworld.com or complete the “Customize Your Tickets” step when you purchase through the My Disney Experience app.If you do not have one of the IDs indicated above, then you must provide one of the following—dated within the past 2 months—evidencing a Florida residential address, along with a corresponding picture ID (passport, driver's license, state identification card):Proof of Current Mortgage, You may use a monthly mortgage statement from within the past 2 months; it may not be more than 2 months old. Deeds, mortgage contracts, mortgage payment booklets and leases are not accepted.Bills, Policies or Registration, Current homeowner's insurance policy or bill, Current automobile registration, insurance policy or bill, Current Utility bill (power / phone / cable / water), Bills can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Mail, Mail from financial institutions, including checking, savings or investment account statements, Mail from federal, state, county or city government agencies, Mail can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Additional members of the same household must only provide proof of same residential address.Current statements and bills printed from electronic versions are accepted, along with electronic bills provided via smart phones and tablet devices.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I did not receive a MagicBand from a Disney Resort hotel reservation or from an Annual Pass. Can I purchase a MagicBand?
Yes. You can purchase a MagicBand:Online at shopDisney, Select Walt Disney World theme park and Resort hotel retail locations, Select Disney Springs retail locations, Other select merchandise and retail locations, Link a MagicBand,  or link a theme park ticket,  to your Disney account.
I purchased an annual pass online. Where do I redeem my certificate?
Bring a printed copy of your certificate along with a photo ID to any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window for redemption. If you purchased an annual pass or used our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, you will also need to bring proof of Florida residency.Each Passholder will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase an annual pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
When can I renew my Annual Pass?
You can renew your Annual Pass up to 60 days before and 30 days after the pass expiration date. Keep in mind that your renewed Annual Pass will expire one year from your Anniversary Date, regardless of when you actually renew.There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
How do I access FastPass+ service using my Annual Pass?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.If you have a valid Walt Disney World Annual Pass, please follow these simple steps to make your FastPass+ selections:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Annual Pass or Passes,  to your account, if you have not already done so.Access FastPass+ service.Annual Passholders can make FastPass+ selections up to 30 days in advance. Secure up to 3 FastPass+ selections for one park per day, for up to 7 days. If plans change, it’s easy to update or cancel your selections, , subject to availability.Passholders with reservations at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel,  can start making FastPass+ selections as early as 60 days prior to the check-in date―and can secure FastPass+ selections for the length of stay or up to 7 days. Please note that if your length of stay is longer than two weeks, FastPass+ selections can be made for up to 14 days.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or on your mobile device. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time) up to park closing.If your Annual Pass permits you to visit a second park on the same day, after you use your initial FastPass+ selections at the first park you visit, you have the option to make additional FastPass+ selections at an in-park kiosk or using your mobile device in the second park.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early, . If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Do Annual Passholders receive any special discounts?
Yes, Passholders enjoy exclusive events, special offers and valuable discounts on select options including dining, merchandise, recreation, tours and more. View annual pass benefits and discounts.A complete list of discounts, benefits, special offers and services for Walt Disney World Passholders is also available at all Disney theme park Guest Relations locations.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I am an Annual Passholder. Do I have to pay for parking at a Disney Resort hotel?
Annual Passholders may enjoy complimentary standard self-parking when visiting a Disney Resort hotel to enjoy select dining, shopping, entertainment and recreation experiences.Effective for reservations made March 21, 2018 and thereafter, standard overnight self-parking is available to registered Guests for a fee.Learn more about parking at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I make FastPass+ selections on the same day I’m at the park for attractions, entertainment or Character Greetings?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Yes. If you have not made FastPass+,  selections in advance—or if you wish to change a previous selection—and FastPass+ experiences are still available— you may be able to make or modify your selections using your mobile device or at the FastPass+ kiosks,  located in all 4 theme parks.You can start with up to 3 FastPass+ experiences per day at one theme park. Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk or on your mobile device. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time) up to park closing.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early, . If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.For additional convenience, we recommend that you download the My Disney Experience mobile app,  and use it to view, make and modify your FastPass+ selections.
What is the difference between the Florida Resident Disney Silver Pass and the Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass?
The Florida Resident Disney Silver Pass is designed for Guests who prefer access to all 4 parks and are flexible with the time of year they visit.The Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass is designed for Guests who prefer more overall daily access to Walt Disney World Resort throughout the year—and are flexible with the park they have access to when they visit. Additional highlights of the Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass include:Admission during certain times of the year to select theme parks (, blockout dates apply,  and vary by park), 325 days or more of admission to at least one theme park—that’s more days annually when compared to the Disney Silver Pass, Existing blockout dates for the pass may be lifted from time to time, Learn more about annual pass blockout dates, For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Is the Florida Resident Disney Silver Pass being replaced by Florida Resident Theme Park Select?
The Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass is being added to our existing annual pass portfolio. We are always evaluating our Pass offerings.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
My Annual Pass will expire soon. Is there a discount for renewing?
Yes. As a courtesy, we offer a discount for renewing your Walt Disney World Annual Pass up to 30 days after your Anniversary Date.There are 3 convenient ways to renew your Annual Pass:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
What is the Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass?
The Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass is ideal for Florida residents who are looking for access to at least one theme park during most times of the year. This pass includes 325 days or more of admission to at least one theme park. That’s more days annually when compared to the Disney Silver Pass.The Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass is $439—or just $28 per month after down payment.Learn more about annual pass blockout dates, For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Do you plan on changing blockout dates on all annual passes to a similar structure as the Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass?
At this time, the Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass is our only annual pass featuring this blockout structure. Priced at $439—or just $28 per month after down payment—the Florida Resident Theme Park Select Pass is an option for Florida residents who are looking for access to at least one theme park during most times of the year. This pass includes 325 days or more of admission to at least one theme park. That’s more days annually when compared to the Disney Silver Pass.Learn more about annual pass blockout dates, . For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I view Annual Passes that are linked to other people in My Disney Experience?
In the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, , you are able to view Annual Passes linked to people connected to your Family & Friends list,  if you are sharing information,  with that person. Look for Annual Passes in the “Paperless Tickets” section of My Reservations.If you cannot find the Annual Pass that you wish to reassign, please make sure that “Show All” is selected in the dropdown menu in the top-left corner and “My Family” is selected in the dropdown menu in the top-right corner. If you still do not see the Annual Pass, double-check that the person to which the pass is linked is still connected to your Family & Friends,  list and that you are sharing information,  with that person.Learn more about Annual Passes for Walt Disney World Resort.
I am an Annual Passholder at Walt Disney World Resort. How do I receive Annual Passholder discounts and benefits on disneyworld.com?
It’s easy to receive Annual Passholder discounts and benefits for which you are eligible on disneyworld.com. All you need to do is link your Annual Pass to your Disney account.Once your Theme Park Annual Pass is linked, you will see it listed on the About Me,  page in the My Profile,  section and the My Reservations,  section.Water Park Annual Passes only appear in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, not on the About Me,  page in the My Profile,  section.The linking process requires that you have your Annual Pass in your possession, as you will need the ID numbers printed on the pass. You will also need to sign into your Disney account.Learn more about Annual Passes for Walt Disney World Resort.
I have a Water Park After 2 Annual Pass. Do I receive a MagicBand?
No. Having a Water Park After 2 Annual Pass does not make you eligible to receive a MagicBand.However, if you already have a MagicBand—perhaps through a reservation at a Disney Resort hotel, —and both the MagicBand and unexpired Annual Pass are linked to your Disney account, , you are able to use the MagicBand to access the admission benefits of your Annual Pass to enter the Disney Water Parks.If you have not already received a new RF-enabled Water Park After 2 Annual Pass, you may need to exchange your older pass for a new card at the Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon Water Park,  or Disney’s Blizzard Beach Water Park,  ticket window.
I’m a Platinum Plus or Premier Annual Passholder. How will the partial refund for lost water park access be calculated?
If you are a Platinum Plus or Premier Annual Passholder with a valid pass, here’s how your refund will be calculated:The refund amount, if any, for each pass is unique and based on factors such as: new or renewal, refunds to date, and activation date.If you are a Platinum Plus Passholder, this partial refund amount is based on the price you paid for your Platinum Plus pass compared to the price of a Platinum Annual Pass at the time of your purchase prorated by the number of days left on your pass from 7/11/2020 - 3/6/2021. New Platinum Plus Passholders will receive $0.27 per day, Platinum Plus Passholders who renewed will receive $0.23 per day, If you are a Premier Passholder, you will receive a pro-rated refund based on the difference between a Walt Disney World Platinum Plus pass with water park access, compared to the price of a Platinum pass, pro-rated by the number of days left on your pass from 7/11/2020 - 3/6/2021, . (Excluding any additional extensions you may be eligible for due to to the continued closure of Disneyland Resort, .), This partial refund will be automatically processed for your pass(es). You do not need to take any additional action.If you have further questions, concerns or unique circumstances, please contact V.I.PASSHOLDER Support for assistance. We appreciate your patience as we answer all inquiries.
Why does the pro-rated refund for lost water park access begin on 7/11/2020?
During the Walt Disney World closure, Annual Passholders had the option of a partial refund or an extension of their pass.Passholders that chose a partial refund during the initial closure period 3/16/2020 - 7/10/2020 have already received a partial refund. The remaining refund is based on number of days remaining on the pass prior to Water Park reopening.Passholders that chose to extend their pass will receive a refund for Water Park access lost based on the extended number of days remaining on their pass from 7/11/2020 – 3/6/2021.
Can I order my food using the My Disney Experience app?
Yes—you can use Mobile Food and Beverage Ordering on the My Disney Experience app,  at select quick-service restaurants.Mobile Food and Beverage Ordering, You can avoid the line to order and pay at select quick-service restaurants by using the My Disney Experience app on your mobile device. Guests can also use their Disney dining plan,  to make a mobile order purchase. Learn more about Mobile Food and Beverage Ordering—including a list of participating locations.
Can I order my food using the My Disney Experience app?
Yes—you can use Mobile Food and Beverage Ordering on the My Disney Experience app,  at select quick-service restaurants.Mobile Food and Beverage Ordering, You can avoid the line to order and pay at select quick-service restaurants by using the My Disney Experience app on your mobile device. Guests can also use their Disney dining plan,  to make a mobile order purchase. Learn more about Mobile Food and Beverage Ordering—including a list of participating locations.
Which Walt Disney World restaurants take reservations?
Select restaurants at our 4 theme parks, Disney Resort hotels and Disney Springs take reservations. In addition, select dinner shows and special dining events also take reservations. Book reservations online!,  Please note, lounges and quick-service restaurants do not offer reservations.View a complete list of locations that take dining reservations.Disney Dining Plans, Disney dining plans,  are a convenient and flexible way to enjoy many of the restaurants and food-service locations at Walt Disney World Resort. When planning your vacation, consider purchasing a Disney Resort Hotel Package,  with a dining plan—which includes a Disney Resort hotel stay and theme park tickets.Learn more about vacation packages with Disney dining plans.Other Important Details, Reservation availability for select Walt Disney World restaurants typically begins each day at approximately 5:45 AM.Please be aware that if you cancel a restaurant reservation, your previously scheduled reservation time will immediately be made available to another Guest.All newly introduced dining events—such as special dining experiences and dessert parties—can typically be booked beginning at 7:00 AM on the day their offers become available.
When can I make advance reservations for experiences at Walt Disney World Resort, such as dining reservations and available Enchanting Extras Collection experiences?
All Guests may now make advance reservations for dining and other experiences up to 60 days in advance. In addition, Disney Resort hotel Guests can make reservations up to 60 days in advance plus the length of their stay (up to 10 days).Dining reservations can be booked online, Enchanting Extras Collection experiences can be booked by calling (407) 939-6690—or (800) 800-9800 for Disney Vacation Club Members, Here are some additional details to help you plan:In-Park Dining, With the opening of Magic Kingdom park and Disney’s Animal Kingdom theme park on July 11, followed by EPCOT and Disney’s Hollywood Studios on July 15, Guests will need valid park admission and a reservation for park entry,  through the new Disney Park Pass system—as well as a dining reservation—to dine at in-park, table-service restaurants. Dining reservations do not guarantee admission to the park.Disney Resort Hotel Dining, Planning to dine at a table-service restaurant in a Disney Resort hotel? A confirmed dining reservation is required for day Guests (those not staying overnight) and is highly recommended for Guests staying overnight at a Disney Resort hotel.Disney Springs Dining, Select dining locations at Disney Springs,  are currently accepting reservations. Check availability and make reservations online now.Other Important Information, In order to foster physical distancing during this time, upon reopening, our offerings, restaurants and other experiences such as behind-the-scenes tours will be limited in capacity, while other experiences may remain closed.
How do I make arrangements for Disney Character Dining?
The theme parks and Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort offer a variety of Character Dining opportunities. See all Character Dining venues.Character Dining is very popular, and we strongly recommend that you make reservations,  in advance.
Why is a credit card required to make a dining reservation?
We require your credit card to make a dining reservation and use it as a place holder.Your credit card won’t be charged before you dine with us unless you either don’t show up for your reservation or cancel after 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the day before your arrival. So, we encourage you to keep your reservation and enjoy your dining experience!, For more convenience, add a credit card to your profile. That makes the process of booking reservations proceed even more quickly for you.
Why don’t some of my dining reservations appear in the My Plans or My Reservations sections of My Disney Experience?
Your dining reservations are tied to a specific Disney account. It is possible that you made the reservation on another account or you were not signed in when you made the reservations. They also might not be showing up if you made your reservations over the phone, at the hotel concierge or in person at the restaurant.Link an existing dining reservation to your Disney account, . You will have to sign in to link the reservation.If you are still unable to see your dining reservations, please call (407) 939-3463. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I book more than one reservation for the same meal period?
No. Guests are not permitted to book dining reservations within 2 hours of another reservation. This constraint helps us provide you with the most choices and availability when making your dining plans.Other Important Details, Reservation availability for select Walt Disney World restaurants typically begins each day at approximately 5:45 AM.Please be aware that if you cancel a restaurant reservation, your previously scheduled reservation time will immediately be made available to another Guest.All newly introduced dining events—such as special dining experiences and dessert parties—can typically be booked beginning at 7:00 AM on the day their offers become available.
Is FastPass+ service like a restaurant reservation? Do I have to show up at a specific time for an attraction?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.No—it’s better! For extra convenience, you are assigned an arrival window—usually one hour long—for each attraction you select. Show up any time that you wish during this window. Don’t worry about rushing to finish up a meal or getting delayed at another show or attraction.When it is within your designated arrival window time and you are ready to visit an attraction, all you need to do is proceed to the attraction, go to the FastPass+ entrance and touch your MagicBand,  or card to the touch point.While attractions usually offer a one-hour arrival window, other experiences like shows and parades may require you to arrive during a more specific timeframe.Valid theme park admission is required.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment.
Are reservations available at Walt Disney World restaurants?
Yes. Reservations are available—and highly recommended—at select Walt Disney World restaurants. , Book dining reservations online.Other Important Details, Guests are not permitted to book a reservation within 2 hours of another reservation. , Reservation availability for select Walt Disney World restaurants typically begins each day at approximately 5:45 AM.Please be aware that if you cancel a restaurant reservation, your previously scheduled reservation time will immediately be made available to another Guest.All newly introduced dining events—such as special dining experiences and dessert parties—can typically be booked beginning at 7:00 AM on the day their offers become available.
How do I cancel a dining reservation at the Walt Disney World® Resort?
You can cancel your dining reservation online, . Please refer to the cancellation policy provided at the time of your booking and in your email confirmation. , Restaurants offering advance reservations charge a per-person cancellation fee for reservations cancelled after the designated cancellation period, or for no shows. Each restaurant at Walt Disney World® Resort maintains its own cancellation policy, so be sure to confirm the policy before finalizing your reservation. For additional assistance, please call (407) 824-1391.
How do I view an existing dining reservation?
View your existing dining reservations in the My Reservations section of My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservation.Your dining reservations are linked to a specific Disney account. If you do not see your reservations, it is possible that you made the reservation on another account or you were not signed in when you made the reservations. They also might not be showing up if you made your reservations over the phone, at the hotel concierge or in person at the restaurant.If this is the situation, you can link an existing dining reservation to your Disney account.If you are still unable to view your dining reservations online, please call (407) 939-3463. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Will dining reservations be available for food and beverage locations in 
Oga’s Cantina,  does accept reservations, which are highly recommended. Learn when advance reservations can be made.Reservations are not available for any other Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge food and beverage locations. For your convenience, there are various quick-service dining options within the land, including:Docking Bay 7 Food and Cargo, Milk Stand, Ronto Roasters, Kat Saka’s Kettle, Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or view all dining options,  located throughout Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I extend my balance due date on a vacation package?
No. Balance due dates cannot be extended for vacation packages.If you wish to cancel an existing reservation for which you have already applied payment, call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
I have an existing package or hotel reservation and I have only paid my deposit. Will you automatically deduct the balance due payment from my credit card?
No. We will not automatically charge your credit card to pay the balance due.If you have a vacation package, you can pay off the balance online,  or call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. For your convenience, you are able to use the payment method stored in your online account.If you have a room-only reservation, you will pay off your balance when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
Will you send me any reminders regarding the balance due on my hotel or package reservation?
Yes. We will send a notice by email or direct mail when your final payment is past due.If you have a vacation package, you can pay off the balance online,  or call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you have a room-only reservation, you will pay off your balance when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservtions page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
I’d like to plan a Walt Disney World vacation. If my plans change, can I modify or cancel my vacation?
To provide additional flexibility, Disney-imposed change and cancellation fees are waived up to the date of check-in for reservations with arrivals through April 30, 2021.Cancellation fees imposed by third-party suppliers—including airlines and rental cars, as well as non-refundable products like travel protection plans—are deducted from refundable amounts for Walt Disney Travel Company packages.Need Help?, For assistance with your reservation, please contact us, . If you did not book through Disney directly, please contact your travel professional.Disney Vacation Club Reservations, If you booked through Disney Vacation Club, other terms apply. Visit Disney Vacation Club,  or call Member Services at (800) 800-9800 for information and assistance with your reservation.
How can I ensure a pet-friendly loop for my campsite at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort?
When booking your campsite, you may request a pet-friendly loop for an additional $5.00 per night.If you make your reservations online, , select the “Add” button in the “Room and Amenity Requests” section. You will then be able to request a pet-friendly loop.Please note: Pets are not allowed in pop-up trailers or tents.Learn more about The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort.
How do I cancel my hotel reservation?
Depending on the type of reservation, you will either be able to cancel the reservation online or you will need to call the Disney Reservation Center for assistance.Sign in to your Disney Account and go to My Reservations, , where you will see the reservation listed. If your reservation can be canceled online, you’ll see a link for “Cancel Reservation.”, If your reservation can only be canceled by phone, you’ll see a message indicating you need to call (407) 934-7639. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please note that a cancelation fee may apply.View your Disney Resort hotel, dining reservations, tickets and other plans.
How do I update or modify a hotel or package reservation?
Depending on the type of reservation, you may be able to update or modify your hotel or package reservation online. Simply sign in to your Disney Account,  and go to My Reservations, , where you’ll see a link for “Modify Reservation.”, If your reservation cannot be updated or modified online, please call (407) 934-7639. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permissions to call.Please note that a change fee may apply.
Why do you ask for the age of my children when I am shopping for hotel rooms or theme park tickets? 
We use your children’s ages to provide you with the most appropriate available offer. The prices of our packages, hotel rooms and theme park tickets are based on the ages of your party members. Guest ages also determine the maximum number of occupants of some Disney Resort hotel rooms.
Where can I find my hotel or package reservation confirmation number?
View an existing reservation online on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience,  to check the confirmation number. You will need to sign into your account.When you make a new reservation online, you will see your confirmation number on both the online confirmation page and your confirmation email. If you make your reservation over the phone, your booking agent will verbally provide you with a confirmation number—you may also receive either a confirmation email or receive a letter in the mail with the confirmation number.Please keep your confirmation number for reference. If you wish to view a reservation online that you made over the phone, you may need to link your reservation to My Disney Experience,  by entering your confirmation number and the phone number that you used to make the call. After you do so, the reservation will show up on the My Reservations page to allow you to easily reference it in the future.
I’d like to visit Walt Disney World Resort, but heard there is a new payment card policy with an authorization hold. How much—and how long—is the hold?
On the day of arrival, Resort hotels will place an authorization hold on your card for any balance due on the reservation—plus $100 for estimated incidental expenses. If your spending exceeds the original $100 hold, additional incremental holds will automatically be obtained. The authorization holds on the card will not exceed the current balance due plus $100.Payment is processed for the balance due on the account after checkout. For reservations longer than 5 days, the card on file will be charged the current balance on the Resort folio(s) every fifth day of your stay and after checkout. In general, charges will be settled and posted to the card within 1 to 2 days after checkout day.You will only be charged for what you actually spent and any authorization holds in excess of the balance due will be released after checkout day.This policy doesn’t change your booking terms and conditions. If you’ve booked a reservation that must be prepaid—or if you’ve opted to provide full payment in advance of your stay—the balance due upon check-in is zero dollars, and only the $100 authorization hold for estimated incidental expenses will be placed on your card.For a reservation that is not prepaid, an authorization hold for the remainder of any balance due on the reservation and an additional $100 for estimated incidental expenses will be placed on your card upon the scheduled arrival date. Additional authorization holds will automatically be placed on the card, through and until the end of your checkout day, as incidental expenditures exceed the amount previously authorized to the card.Explore Walt Disney World Resort Hotels, , or view the full Payment Card Policy.
I have a question about my Walt Disney World Resort hotel or package reservation. Do I have to go through the automated questions every time I call or can I skip directly to a person?
Yes. Enter your phone number in your online profile, , and the next time you call us from the number, we will skip many of the automated questions about who you are and get you to a Cast Member as soon as possible.To speak with a Cast Member about your Resort hotel or package reservation, please call (407) 939-4357 and follow the prompts. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What kind of vacation package options do you offer for a more limited budget?
There is a vacation package for almost every budget at Walt Disney World Resort! Learn how you can maximize the value of your Walt Disney World Vacation.
I’m traveling with a group of 5 or more people. Is there anything special I should know about visiting Walt Disney World Resort with a larger party?
Yes. We offer special accommodations to make visiting with a larger group fun, convenient and easy! Learn more about planning a trip to Walt Disney World Resort with a larger party.
My party includes 5 or more people, and we would all like to stay in one room together. What room options are available at Disney Resort hotels?
Select Disney Resort hotels offer terrific accommodations for parties of 5 Guests or more who wish to stay in the same room—including multi-room suites with many of the comforts of home in our Deluxe Villas.If budget is a priority, the Family Suites at Disney's All-Star Music Resort and Disney's Art of Animation Resort,  are affordable options for parties of up to 6 Guests.Get the details about Disney Resort hotels that offer rooms for parties of 5 Guests or more.
What should I know about traveling to Walt Disney World Resort with younger children?
Visiting Walt Disney World Resort with younger children is an especially magical experience!,  Learn more about visiting Walt Disney World Resort with little ones, including attractions and entertainment that they might especially enjoy.
I can’t find my existing Resort hotel reservation on disneyworld.com. Where should I look?
View an existing Disney Resort hotel reservation on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservation.If you’ve visited the above page, but you still don’t see your reservation, you may have to link it to your disneyworld.com account, . You will need your Resort Confirmation Number.If you continue to have problems finding a reservation, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please note that if you booked through a travel agency, you may not be able to see your reservation on disneyworld.com.
I purchased a Disney Resort Hotel Package. How do I take advantage of everything that came with my package?
When you check into your Disney Resort hotel, you will either receive a printed voucher or be instructed on how to use your Disney Resort ID card to redeem meals, recreation and other package features.For select vacation packages, a voucher may be mailed to you in advance with your travel documents.If you have questions, please call us at (407) 939-4357 or ask the concierge at your Disney Resort hotel when you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Does Walt Disney World Resort offer discounts to AAA members?
Please contact your local AAA office or visit aaa.com,  to learn about any possible discounts for AAA members at Walt Disney World Resort. In addition, we do frequently offer a selection of general special offers that you might qualify for. View our special offers.
Do any hotels at Walt Disney World Resort offer discounts or special privileges for members of the United States military?
Yes. Located near Magic Kingdom park, , Shades of Green is an Armed Forces Recreation Center featuring 586 oversized Guest rooms. Shades of Green offers a variety of deals and special packages for members of the United States military and their families.Learn more about Shades of Green—including discount packages and eligibility.Shades of Green is not owned or operated by The Walt Disney Company.
I made a hotel or package reservation, but when I look for it on disneyworld.com, it’s not listed. What should I do?
Try again to view your existing Resort hotel reservation in the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservation.If you’ve visited the above page, but you still don’t see your reservation, you may have to link it to your disneyworld.com account, . You will need your Resort Confirmation Number. After you do so, the reservation will show up on the My Reservations page to allow you to easily reference it in the future.Please note that if you booked through a third-party travel agency, when you link your reservation to My Disney Experience, you should select the “Through a Travel Professional” option from the dropdown menu.If you’ve recently made a reservation, you may have to wait 24 hours for it to appear online.If you continue to have problems finding a reservation, please call (407) 934-7639. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What is the Online Check-in Service?
The Online Check-in service is a convenient option that starts your check-in process online. As a component of the Direct-to-Room service, , Online Check-in can help Disney Resort hotel,  Guests reduce registration time and simplify their arrival—while still enjoying a magical Disney welcome.When you use the Direct-to-Room service, you provide us in advance of your arrival with information typically collected during a traditional check-in at the Front Desk. On arrival day, you’ll receive notifications on your mobile device (based on communication preferences you have opted into) with real-time updates, including when your room is ready and what your room number is. When your room is ready, use the Resort hotel map in the app to find your room. Then unlock your door with your MagicBand, or use the Unlock Door feature on the app.Begin your check-in to go directly to your room by linking your Disney Resort hotel reservation,  to your Disney Account. Once linked, view your reservation on the “My Plans”,  page and select “Start Check-in.” Or view your reservation from the “My Plans” screen in the My Disney Experience app.
I’m celebrating a special occasion at Walt Disney World Resort. Can you help make my celebration especially memorable?
Yes. We can help make a special event, like a birthday, , even more special with unique activities, customized gifts and special surprises. Learn how we can help you celebrate a special occasion at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I use more than one credit card during a single transaction on disneyworld.com?
No. You are only able to use a single credit card per transaction.If you would like to use multiple forms of payment, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You are able to make purchases on disneyworld.com using the following forms of payment:Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card, Diners Club Charge Card, JCB (Japan Credit Bureau), Disney Gift Card, Disney Rewards Dollars, Disney® Visa® Card, Disney® Visa® Card is available to United States residents only.
Can I use PayPal to book rooms and packages on disneyworld.com?
No. You cannot use PayPal on disneyworld.com.You are able to make purchases on disneyworld.com using the following forms of payment:• Visa, • MasterCard, • American Express, • Discover Card, • Diners Club Charge Card, • JCB (Japan Credit Bureau), • Disney Gift Card, • Disney Dream Reward Dollars, • Disney Visa Instant Credit, Disney Visa Instant Credit is available to United States residents only.
Do Disney Moderate Resort hotels offer queen beds?
Yes. Disney Moderate Resort hotels offer queen beds in select rooms. The Disney Moderate Resort hotels are:• Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort  • Disney's Coronado Springs Resort  • Disney's Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter  • Disney's Port Orleans Resort – Riverside  • The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, Disney Moderate Resort hotels—except for The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort—also offer select rooms with a single king bed.Ready to visit? Book your Walt Disney World Resort hotel.
I need to talk to someone about my Walt Disney World Resort hotel or package reservation. Who do I call?
Please call (407) 939-4357, and we will help answer your questions. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You can view your existing Disney Resort hotel reservations on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience, . You will have to sign in to view your reservations.
I’m considering making a reservation to visit Walt Disney World Resort. What should I know about booking and when is a good time to act?
It’s always a good time to start planning your visit! Get the full details on booking a Walt Disney World vacation, including timelines and important phone numbers.
Why doesn’t my package reservation confirmation show all of the correct information?
Your confirmation might not show information that has been recently updated—most commonly the flight information that you entered for Disney’s Magical Express, . Please wait a few days and check your reservation on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience.If you are concerned that the information on your reservation confirmation is incorrect, you may be able to modify the reservation online. To update a reservation online, simply click the link for “Modify Reservation.”, If your reservation cannot be updated or modified online, please call (407) 934-7639. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permissions to call.Please note that a change fee may apply.
How do I view my existing hotel reservation?
View an existing Disney Resort hotel reservation on the My Reservations page in My Disney Experience. You will have to sign in to view your reservation.If you’ve visited the above page, but you still don’t see your reservation, you may have to link it to your disneyworld.com account, . You will need your Resort Confirmation Number.If you continue to have problems finding a reservation, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Do you have hotel reviews from Guests who have stayed at a Disney Resort hotel?
Yes. Check each Disney Resort hotel page to read TripAdvisor Traveler Reviews from Guests.View all Disney Resort hotels.
How can I share a virtual tour of a hotel room at a Disney Resort hotel with my family and friends?
When viewing a virtual tour, select the “Share” botton and you will be provided with a URL that you can share with your family and friends.Check each Disney Resort hotel page to view interactive tours of hotel rooms. View the Disney Resort hotels.Please note that the floor plan and décor for your room may vary from rooms shown in the virtual tour.
Are there discounts or special offers for senior citizens on tickets, Disney Resort hotels and vacation packages?
Walt Disney World Resort does not offer senior citizen discounts on tickets, Disney Resort hotels or vacation packages. However, you may wish to check with any senior citizen organizations that you belong to, as special offers may be available through those groups.In addition, we do—from time to time—offer a selection of general special offers that you might be able to take advantage of. View special offers for Walt Disney World Resort.
Where can I find information about discounts and special offers for Disney Resort hotels and theme park tickets that may be available during my planned visit?
View the current special offers for theme park tickets, Disney Resort hotel accommodations, vacation packages and more at Walt Disney World Resort.If you are planning a trip well in advance, you may wish to check back every few weeks to see if there are any new special offers.
Can I view a package or hotel reservation booked by my travel agent?
Yes. To do so, you must first link the reservation with your Disney account, . Once your reservation has been linked, you will be able to view a package or hotel reservation that you booked through a travel professional.Please note: You will need the Resort Confirmation Number provided by your travel professional in order to link your reservation.If you have previously linked the reservation with your Disney account, you can view your reservation on the My Reservations page. You will have to sign in to your account,  to view My Reservations.If you continue to have problems finding your reservation, please contact your travel professional.
What are the benefits of the Travel Protection Plan?
The Travel Protection Plan helps protect you and your family for unexpected covered losses from the moment that you step out of your front door until the moment you safely arrive back home. The Travel Protection Plan provides coverage if you cancel or interrupt your Walt Disney World, Disneyland or Aulani, a Disney Resort and Spa package for covered reasons described in the plan such as illness or injury. If you cancel due to a covered reason, the Travel Protection Plan will provide a refund for the prepaid, nonrefundable travel package, including the cost of airfare that is scheduled for travel within 7 days of the travel package.The Travel Protection Plan also provides coverage for covered losses while traveling, such as trip interruption, trip and baggage delays, baggage protection and medical expense protection (including emergency medical transportation). In addition, the Travel Protection Plan contains non-insurance services for 24-hour worldwide emergency assistance (provided by LiveTravel).To view the terms, conditions and exclusions, visit: www.affinitytravelcert.com/docs/DSP01, If you have questions, please call (844) 203-3123 to speak with a representative from Aon Affinity, the program administrator.To purchase Travel Protection, please select the "Add Travel Protection" option when booking your vacation package, . Travel Protection may also be added to your reservation by calling Walt Disney World Resort at (407) 939-1936. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Travel Protection Plan can be purchased any time prior to final payment for your trip.Aon Affinity is the brand name for the brokerage and program administration of Affinity Insurance Services, Inc. (TX 13695); (AR 100106022); in CA & MN, AIS Affinity Insurance Agency, Inc. (CA 0795465); in OK, AIS Affinity Insurance Services; in CA, Aon Affinity Insurance Services, Inc. (CA 0G94493), Aon Direct Insurance Administrators and Berkely Insurance Agency and in NY, AIS Affinity Insurance Agency. Affinity Insurance Services is acting as a Managing General Agent as that term is defined in section 626.015(14) of the Florida Insurance Code. Aon Affinity Contact Information: 900 Stewart Ave #400, Garden City, NY 11530; 800-842-4084; affinity@aon.com. As an MGA we are acting on behalf of our carrier partner, Arch Insurance Company (NAIC #11150). Arch Insurance Contact Information: 844-289-3443.Travel insurance benefits are underwritten by Arch Insurance Company, with administrative offices in Jersey City, NJ (NAIC #11150), under Policy Form series LTP 2013 and applicable amendatory endorsements. Assistance services are provided by the designated travel assistance company listed in your Travel Protection Plan. This is a brief overview of the coverages. Subject to terms, conditions and exclusions. This is a general overview of insurance benefits available. Coverages may vary in certain states and not all benefits are available in all jurisdictions. Please refer to your certificate of benefits or policy of insurance for detailed terms, conditions and exclusions that apply.DSP_120618C
I’m planning my first trip to Walt Disney World Resort. Where can I find information to help me make the right decisions?
The more you learn about Walt Disney World Resort, the more excited you become! Get the details on planning your first trip to Walt Disney World Resort.
I recently booked a room-only reservation. Can I upgrade my reservation to a vacation package?
Yes. The best way to upgrade your room-only reservation to a vacation package is to book a new package online, and then cancel* your current booking via My Reservations.If you experience any issues with this process, please call (407) 934-7639. Guest under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. *Cancellations of room-only reservations within 5 days of arrival may incur a cancellation fee.
Where can I find information on vacation packages?
  , View the currently available Walt Disney World vacation packages.We sometimes have special offers on vacation packages. View our current special offers.Vacation packages are often updated on a calendar year basis. If you are planning your trip well in advance, it is possible that vacation packages are not yet available for your dates of travel. Special offers are usually updated more frequently, so check back if there are no special offers currently available for the time that you wish to visit Walt Disney World Resort.
I am a citizen of Australia. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Please check the United States Department of Homeland Security site,  for valuable information, travel tips and advisories. For up-to-date information on visa requirements, review the United States Department of State site.
I am a citizen of Brazil. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Please check the United States Department of Homeland Security site,  for valuable information, travel tips and advisories. For up-to-date information on visa requirements, review the United States Department of State site.
I am a Canadian citizen. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Please check the United States Department of Homeland Security,  for valuable airline, passport and customs information, travel tips and advisories. Be informed on travel security information and learn what can be carried on board your flight.For up-to-date information on identification requirements for Canadians visiting the United States, review the United States Department of State website.
I am a citizen of China. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Please check the United States Department of Homeland Security site,  for valuable information, travel tips and advisories. For up-to-date information on visa requirements, review the United States Department of State site.
I am a citizen of a member state of the European Union. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Please check the United States Department of Homeland Security site,  for valuable information, travel tips and advisories. For up-to-date information on visa requirements, review the United States Department of State site.
I am not a United States citizen. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Please check the United States Department of Homeland Security site,  for valuable information, travel tips and advisories. For up-to-date information on visa requirements, review the United States Department of State site.
I am a citizen of Japan. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Please check the United States Department of Homeland Security site,  for valuable information, travel tips and advisories. For up-to-date information on visa requirements, review the United States Department of State site.
Is Disney’s Magical Express service available to international travelers?
Yes. Disney's Magical Express service,  is available to Guests staying at select Walt Disney World Resort hotels, , whether they are international or domestic travelers.Disney’s Magical Express service is a complimentary roundtrip service that whisks you and your luggage between Orlando International Airport and your Disney Resort hotel via a deluxe motor coach.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Guests who choose to use Disney’s Magical Express service will be responsible for picking up any of their checked luggage from the airport’s baggage claim area, so that it can be loaded onto the motorcoach to their Disney Resort hotel. Disney’s Magical Express service is located at the Main Terminal Building in Terminal B, Level 1 in the Ground Transportation area.Please know that your luggage will travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.
I’m an international Guest with a Disney's Magical Express service reservation, but I did not receive information about the service prior to arrival. What should I do when I arrive at Orlando International Airport?
Upon exiting your aircraft, enter the U.S. Immigration checkpoint. After retrieving your luggage, proceed to the Customs checkpoint.When exiting the Customs area, keep your checked bags with you to travel on the motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express welcome center, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.The luggage you have brought with you since the Immigration Checkpoint can be loaded onto the motorcoach to travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.View a map of Orlando International Airport,  or learn more about Disney's Magical Express.
As an international traveler, do I have to claim my luggage at the airport to use Disney's Magical Express service?
Yes. If the Orlando International Airport is your first point of entry into the United States, please follow the U.S. Customs & Border Protection process and claim your luggage upon disembarking the airplane.If you have already completed the U.S. Customs & Border Protection process by entry into the United States through another United States city, proceed directly to baggage claim to claim your luggage, and then, proceed to Disney's Magical Express in Terminal B, Level 1 to board your motorcoach.Take the train to the Main Terminal Building where you will arrive on Level 3. Disney's Magical Express service is located in Terminal B, Level 1. Guests arriving in Terminal A of the airport are advised to cross to Terminal B before proceeding down to Level 1. Upon arrival at Disney’s Magical Express Service, please let us know if you will need assistance boarding the motorcoach.Disney’s Magical Express service will no longer provide luggage delivery for those arriving to and departing from the airport. Resort Airline Check-In Service is also no longer available.Your luggage can be loaded onto the motorcoach to travel with you to your Disney Resort hotel.Luggage assistance will be available at the front of your Disney Resort hotel, including luggage storage and/or transport to the room.Upon your departure, please ensure your luggage is with you and is loaded onto the motorcoach so you can check it in with your airline once you reach the airport.Learn more about Disney's Magical Express service.
I am taking a Disney’s Magical Express motorcoach back to Orlando International Airport. Where is the motorcoach drop-off location?
Disney’s Magical Express motorcoaches drop off at Orlando International Airport, providing access to all airline ticket counters and departure gates. View a map of Orlando International Airport.The day before you check out, you’ll receive a transportation notice advising you of the motorcoach departure time, which will be approximately 3 hours prior to your scheduled departure time for domestic flights and 4 hours prior to your scheduled departure time for international flights. If you are not checking your luggage to the motorcoach departure location. Bell service luggage assistance is available upon request.Be sure to have your Transportation Notice on hand when it’s time for your Disney’s Magical Express departure. Your motorcoach driver will collect the Transportation Notice prior to boarding. Please note: MagicBands cannot be used to check in for your trip from your Disney Resort hotel to Orlando International Airport.If you do not receive this information, please speak to your Disney Resort hotel Concierge or call (866) 599-0951. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express.
I am not a United States citizen. Do I need to present a passport or photo ID when I check into a Disney Resort hotel?
A valid passport or photo ID may be requested upon arrival at Disney Resort hotels. If you have questions about our identification requirements, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I am departing for an international destination. Can I use the Resort Airline Check-In Service available at my hotel?
Resort Airline Check-In Service is no longer available.
I live in the UK / Ireland and I booked my holiday package directly through Walt Disney Travel Company in the UK / Ireland. What are my cancellation or change options?
Please contact Walt Disney Travel Company UK and Ireland directly for information relating to the cancellation and change policies that apply to your package.Call freephone on 0800 169 0730 (UK) or 1800 812 676 (IE).
I live in the UK / Ireland and I booked my holiday package through a UK / Ireland travel agent or tour operator. What are my cancellation or change options?
Please contact your local travel agent or tour operator directly for information relating to the cancellation and change policies that apply to your package.
I am a citizen of the United Kingdom or Ireland. What should I know about traveling to the United States?
Visit the following government websites for the latest information to help you plan your trip from the United Kingdom or Ireland to the United States.Citizens of the United Kingdom, Please check the United Kingdom government website,  for up-to-date information—including advisories on the Visa Waiver Programme (VWP), Electronic System for Travel Authorisation (ESTA) application and valuable travel tips.Citizens of Ireland, Please check the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade website,  for up-to-date information—including advisories on visas, travel insurance, safety, local laws, customs and climate.
I’m traveling to Walt Disney World Resort from the United Kingdom. What is ATOL and how will it affect my trip?
ATOL is the Air Travel Organisers’ License, issued to the Walt Disney Travel Company by the United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). This ensures that any money paid to us for an air-inclusive holiday package is safe and that you will not be stranded abroad.On disneyworld.com, only holiday packages that include flights are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. When you pay, you will be supplied with an ATOL Certificate. Please ask for the certificate and check to ensure that all information listed on it is correct.Review the Walt Disney Travel Company booking terms and conditions,  or learn more about the ATOL Certificate and its financial protection.
I’m traveling to Walt Disney World Resort. What is a codeshare flight?
A codeshare is a deal struck between 2 or more airlines to carry each other's passengers. This arrangement allows carriers to provide passengers with a much wider choice of destinations. The flight number of the airline you book will appear on your ticket, and the operating carrier should appear in your flight details.
How can I ensure a pet-friendly loop for my campsite at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort?
When booking your campsite, you may request a pet-friendly loop for an additional $5.00 per night.If you make your reservations online, , select the “Add” button in the “Room and Amenity Requests” section. You will then be able to request a pet-friendly loop.Please note: Pets are not allowed in pop-up trailers or tents.Learn more about The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort.
Why do you ask for the age of my children when I am shopping for hotel rooms or theme park tickets? 
We use your children’s ages to provide you with the most appropriate available offer. The prices of our packages, hotel rooms and theme park tickets are based on the ages of your party members. Guest ages also determine the maximum number of occupants of some Disney Resort hotel rooms.
What kind of vacation package options do you offer for a more limited budget?
There is a vacation package for almost every budget at Walt Disney World Resort! Learn how you can maximize the value of your Walt Disney World Vacation.
I’m traveling with a group of 5 or more people. Is there anything special I should know about visiting Walt Disney World Resort with a larger party?
Yes. We offer special accommodations to make visiting with a larger group fun, convenient and easy! Learn more about planning a trip to Walt Disney World Resort with a larger party.
My party includes 5 or more people, and we would all like to stay in one room together. What room options are available at Disney Resort hotels?
Select Disney Resort hotels offer terrific accommodations for parties of 5 Guests or more who wish to stay in the same room—including multi-room suites with many of the comforts of home in our Deluxe Villas.If budget is a priority, the Family Suites at Disney's All-Star Music Resort and Disney's Art of Animation Resort,  are affordable options for parties of up to 6 Guests.Get the details about Disney Resort hotels that offer rooms for parties of 5 Guests or more.
Do you have any pet-friendly hotels?
Yes. As part of an ongoing pilot program, 4 of our Disney Resort hotels have designated dog-friendly accommodations, including:Disney’s Art of Animation Resort, Disney Port Orleans Resort – Riverside, Disney’s Yacht Club Resort, The Cabins at Fort Wilderness Resort, These rooms have easy access to outdoor walkways for exercise and to green spaces with pet relief areas. Upon arrival, dogs and their owners will be greeted with a complimentary Pluto’s Welcome Kit. At this time, dogs are the only pets allowed, with a maximum of 2 permitted per Guest room. Dogs are expected to be well-behaved, leashed in public areas and properly vaccinated. While certain floors or sections of these Disney Resort hotels are designated as dog-friendly, the majority of areas remain canine-free to protect Guests with allergies. Other than service animals, dogs are not permitted in theme parks, water parks or common areas such as restaurants, pools and recreational spaces. For more information, call (407) 934-7639. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. 
What should I know about traveling to Walt Disney World Resort with younger children?
Visiting Walt Disney World Resort with younger children is an especially magical experience!,  Learn more about visiting Walt Disney World Resort with little ones, including attractions and entertainment that they might especially enjoy.
I purchased a Disney Resort Hotel Package. How do I take advantage of everything that came with my package?
When you check into your Disney Resort hotel, you will either receive a printed voucher or be instructed on how to use your Disney Resort ID card to redeem meals, recreation and other package features.For select vacation packages, a voucher may be mailed to you in advance with your travel documents.If you have questions, please call us at (407) 939-4357 or ask the concierge at your Disney Resort hotel when you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Does Walt Disney World Resort offer discounts to AAA members?
Please contact your local AAA office or visit aaa.com,  to learn about any possible discounts for AAA members at Walt Disney World Resort. In addition, we do frequently offer a selection of general special offers that you might qualify for. View our special offers.
Do any hotels at Walt Disney World Resort offer discounts or special privileges for members of the United States military?
Yes. Located near Magic Kingdom park, , Shades of Green is an Armed Forces Recreation Center featuring 586 oversized Guest rooms. Shades of Green offers a variety of deals and special packages for members of the United States military and their families.Learn more about Shades of Green—including discount packages and eligibility.Shades of Green is not owned or operated by The Walt Disney Company.
Will I be able to bring my pet dogs to the theme parks or to Disney Springs? 
No. Only service animals are allowed in the theme parks and at Disney Springs.
I’m celebrating a special occasion at Walt Disney World Resort. Can you help make my celebration especially memorable?
Yes. We can help make a special event, like a birthday, , even more special with unique activities, customized gifts and special surprises. Learn how we can help you celebrate a special occasion at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I use more than one credit card during a single transaction on disneyworld.com?
No. You are only able to use a single credit card per transaction.If you would like to use multiple forms of payment, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You are able to make purchases on disneyworld.com using the following forms of payment:Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card, Diners Club Charge Card, JCB (Japan Credit Bureau), Disney Gift Card, Disney Rewards Dollars, Disney® Visa® Card, Disney® Visa® Card is available to United States residents only.
Can I use PayPal to book rooms and packages on disneyworld.com?
No. You cannot use PayPal on disneyworld.com.You are able to make purchases on disneyworld.com using the following forms of payment:• Visa, • MasterCard, • American Express, • Discover Card, • Diners Club Charge Card, • JCB (Japan Credit Bureau), • Disney Gift Card, • Disney Dream Reward Dollars, • Disney Visa Instant Credit, Disney Visa Instant Credit is available to United States residents only.
If a member of my party is afraid of dogs or has allergies, what will you do to accommodate us?
As part of this pilot program, certain floors or sections of four hotels (out of our 26 Walt Disney World Resort hotels) are designated as dog-friendly, while a majority of areas remain canine-free to accommodate guests with allergies or other needs. This means approximately 250 rooms, or less than 1 percent of a total room inventory of 28,000 rooms, are designated as dog-friendly. In addition, we have a thorough cleaning process for our rooms and will work to accommodate your individual needs.
Can you guarantee that my room will be dog-free?
We can guarantee your request to stay outside of the designated dog-friendly areas at one of these four resorts. These dog-friendly Disney Resort hotels are: Disney’s Art of Animation Resort, Disney Port Orleans Resort – Riverside, Disney’s Yacht Club Resort, The Cabins at Fort Wilderness Resort, The overwhelming number of hotels and hotel rooms at Walt Disney World Resort are not part of this pilot program, which affects approximately 250 rooms, or less than 1 percent of a total hotel inventory of 28,000 rooms. If you prefer to stay at a hotel that is not dog-friendly, there are several other Walt Disney World Resort hotels,  to choose from. 
Do I need to provide veterinary documentation for my dog?
Yes. You must be able to provide documentation that your dog’s vaccinations and inoculations are up to date, upon request.
Will there be designated pet relief areas at each dog-friendly Disney Resort hotel?
Yes. Green spaces have been identified as pet relief areas. Please note these areas are not under cover. As the owner, you will be responsible for cleaning up after your pet.Remember, dogs are not allowed in public areas around the Resort, and are expected to be on leash between your Guest room and the outdoor relief area. 
Is there a charge for staying at a dog-friendly Disney Resort hotel with my dogs?
Yes. If you are staying at Disney’s Art of Animation Resort, Disney Port Orleans Resort – Riverside,  or The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, , a charge of $50 per night plus tax will be applied to the room account. If you are staying at Disney’s Yacht Club Resort, , a charge of $75 per night plus tax will be applied to the room account.
Are Disney Transportation options available for service animals and pets at Walt Disney World Resort?
Select Disney transportation options are available for Guests traveling with service animals and pets at Walt Disney World Resort.Service Animals, Service animals may accompany their owners on Disney Transportation motorcoaches, monorails and watercraft.Pets, Pet dogs may accompany their owners on internal buses at Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground,  and Disney’s Port Orleans Resort, . No other pets are permitted on these buses.Only service animals are allowed on Disney Transportation motorcoaches, monorails or watercraft.
Are service animals and pets permitted on Disney’s Magical Express motorcoaches?
Disney’s Magical Express is available for Guests traveling with service animals and pets at Walt Disney World Resort.Service Animals, Service animals may travel on the Disney’s Magical Express motorcoach in the passenger cabin with their owners.Pets, Pet dogs may travel to a dog-friendly resort on the Disney’s Magical Express motorcoach in the passenger cabin while in a pet carrier. The pet carrier must be provided by the owner, and it must be able to fit safely in a seat on the motorcoach.No other pets are permitted in the passenger cabin or the storage compartment.Learn more about Disney’s Magical Express,  or accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort.
Do Disney Moderate Resort hotels offer queen beds?
Yes. Disney Moderate Resort hotels offer queen beds in select rooms. The Disney Moderate Resort hotels are:• Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort  • Disney's Coronado Springs Resort  • Disney's Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter  • Disney's Port Orleans Resort – Riverside  • The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, Disney Moderate Resort hotels—except for The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort—also offer select rooms with a single king bed.Ready to visit? Book your Walt Disney World Resort hotel.
I’m considering making a reservation to visit Walt Disney World Resort. What should I know about booking and when is a good time to act?
It’s always a good time to start planning your visit! Get the full details on booking a Walt Disney World vacation, including timelines and important phone numbers.
Do you have hotel reviews from Guests who have stayed at a Disney Resort hotel?
Yes. Check each Disney Resort hotel page to read TripAdvisor Traveler Reviews from Guests.View all Disney Resort hotels.
How can I share a virtual tour of a hotel room at a Disney Resort hotel with my family and friends?
When viewing a virtual tour, select the “Share” botton and you will be provided with a URL that you can share with your family and friends.Check each Disney Resort hotel page to view interactive tours of hotel rooms. View the Disney Resort hotels.Please note that the floor plan and décor for your room may vary from rooms shown in the virtual tour.
Are there discounts or special offers for senior citizens on tickets, Disney Resort hotels and vacation packages?
Walt Disney World Resort does not offer senior citizen discounts on tickets, Disney Resort hotels or vacation packages. However, you may wish to check with any senior citizen organizations that you belong to, as special offers may be available through those groups.In addition, we do—from time to time—offer a selection of general special offers that you might be able to take advantage of. View special offers for Walt Disney World Resort.
Where can I find information about discounts and special offers for Disney Resort hotels and theme park tickets that may be available during my planned visit?
View the current special offers for theme park tickets, Disney Resort hotel accommodations, vacation packages and more at Walt Disney World Resort.If you are planning a trip well in advance, you may wish to check back every few weeks to see if there are any new special offers.
Do I need to buy travel protection?
While not required, as part of the booking procedure you’ll have the option to add the Travel Protection Plan to your reservation, which provides travel assistance and reimbursement for expenses such as trip cancellation, medical emergencies and more.To view the terms, conditions and exclusions, visit: www.affinitytravelcert.com/docs/DSP01, Aon Affinity is the brand name for the brokerage and program administration of Affinity Insurance Services, Inc. (TX 13695); (AR 100106022); in CA & MN, AIS Affinity Insurance Agency, Inc. (CA 0795465); in OK, AIS Affinity Insurance Services; in CA, Aon Affinity Insurance Services, Inc. (CA 0G94493), Aon Direct Insurance Administrators and Berkely Insurance Agency and in NY, AIS Affinity Insurance Agency. Affinity Insurance Services is acting as a Managing General Agent as that term is defined in section 626.015(14) of the Florida Insurance Code. Aon Affinity Contact Information: 900 Stewart Ave #400, Garden City, NY 11530; 800-842-4084; affinity@aon.com. As an MGA we are acting on behalf of our carrier partner, Arch Insurance Company (NAIC #11150). Arch Insurance Contact Information: 844-289-3443.Travel insurance benefits are underwritten by Arch Insurance Company, with administrative offices in Jersey City, NJ (NAIC #11150), under Policy Form series LTP 2013 and applicable amendatory endorsements. This is a brief overview of the coverages, subject to terms, conditions and exclusions. Coverages may vary in certain states and not all benefits are available in all jurisdictions. Please refer to your certificate of benefits or policy of insurance for detailed terms, conditions and exclusions that apply.DSP_120618C
How can I ensure a pet-friendly loop for my campsite at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort?
When booking your campsite, you may request a pet-friendly... 
I’m planning my first trip to Walt Disney World Resort. Where can I find information to help me make the right decisions?
The more you learn about Walt Disney World Resort, the more excited you become! Get the details on planning your first trip to Walt Disney World Resort.
Where can I find information on vacation packages?
  , View the currently available Walt Disney World vacation packages.We sometimes have special offers on vacation packages. View our current special offers.Vacation packages are often updated on a calendar year basis. If you are planning your trip well in advance, it is possible that vacation packages are not yet available for your dates of travel. Special offers are usually updated more frequently, so check back if there are no special offers currently available for the time that you wish to visit Walt Disney World Resort.
How much does it cost to renew my annual pass?
You can view Passholder status renewal prices online, , ask at any Walt Disney World ticket window and call (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.There are 3 convenient ways to renew your Passholder status:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location.Though the pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Passholder will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.If you purchased your current pass before October 4, 2015, you may be asked to select one of the new pass types available at the time of your renewal.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I am a Florida resident. Can I renew my Annual Pass online using the Monthly Payment Program?
Yes. Florida residents can renew Annual Passes using the Monthly Payment Program. Your pass can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after it expires.There are 2 convenient ways to renew your Annual Pass with the Monthly Payment Program:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
Can I renew an Annual Pass for a Guest other than myself?
Yes. To renew an Annual Pass for another Guest, you’ll need his or her name, address and Pass ID (located on the bottom of the Pass). Please be aware that proof of Florida residency,  is required for purchase and use of all Annual Passes for Florida Residents..There are 3 convenient ways to renew an Annual Pass:Renew online, . This includes Guests you manage via your Disney account, so long as the Guest in question does not have an account of their own.Renew at Walt Disney World theme park ticket windows and Guest Relations locations, as well as Guest Relations locations at Disney Springs.Renew by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration. If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can still renew online, in person from a theme park ticket window or at Guest Relations locations.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewals taking place in person at Walt Disney World Resort, each Annual Pass owner will still need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I didn't receive my renewal notice and need to renew my Annual Pass. What should I do? 
A renewal notice is not required to renew your Annual Pass. There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
How much are tickets for Atlanta Braves Spring Training games at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?
The schedule and ticket prices vary each year and may not be available until just before the Spring Training period. Learn more about Atlanta Braves spring training at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex—including pricing information, if available.If pricing is not yet available for the upcoming year, please check back regularly.
Can I cancel or modify my theme park ticket or vacation package?
Tickets and packages at Walt Disney World Resort are nontransferable and nonrefundable. You cannot cancel or get a refund for a ticket or package, but in some cases you can use unexpired theme park tickets for a future vacation.However, be aware that unless you purchased the No Expiration Option, theme park tickets purchased after 2004 expire 14 days after their first use. While the No Expiration Option is no longer available, if you have previously purchased theme park tickets with the No Expiration Option, your tickets will still be honored.Hurricane Exception,  In the event that a hurricane warning is issued by the National Hurricane Center for the Orlando area—or for your place of residence—within 7 days of your scheduled arrival date, you may be able to reschedule or cancel your ticket or vacation package. See our Hurricane Policy,  for details.Also, some open-air events and dining offerings may be rescheduled or cancelled in the event of severe or inclement weather—please inquire at the time of your ticket purchase. Water parks and certain events, experiences and attractions are also subject to rehabilitation, seasonal and weather closures. Have Questions? We Have Answers!  If you have additional questions about your theme park tickets, please check with Guest Relations at the theme parks or call (407) 939-1289. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Why did I receive an error message when I attempted to link a ticket to my Disney account?
If you are experiencing technical difficulties linking a ticket to your Disney account, please check to make sure that your web browser is one of our recommended browsers.In particular, if you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 or an earlier version, we strongly recommend that you upgrade to a more recent browser.If you have updated your web browser and you continue to experience technical difficulties, please contact us at (407) 939-7765. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
I purchased theme park tickets years ago and never used them. Are they still valid?
Walt Disney World Resort continues to honor all unexpired theme park tickets with remaining admission days.However, be aware that unless you purchased the No Expiration Option, theme park tickets purchased after 2004 expire 14 days after their first use. While the No Expiration Option is no longer available, if you have previously purchased theme park tickets with the No Expiration Option, your tickets will still be honored.If you have additional questions about your specific theme park tickets, please check with Guest Relations,  at the theme parks or call (407) 939-1289. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Do I have to link all of my tickets to my Disney account?
No. However, to take full advantage of MyMagic+, , we recommend that Guests link their tickets,  to their Disney account.Linking a ticket to your Disney account allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, , so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you on your vacation. You can link theme park tickets, water park tickets, special event tickets and annual passes.Don’t worry! If you lose your MagicBand or card and it is linked to your Disney account, you do not also lose your tickets. You can request a replacement MagicBand or card,  and access your tickets through the new MagicBand or card. Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.
I’m a Disney Vacation Club Member. Why am I unable to access ticket discounts for Members?
Effective April 4, 2016, Disney Vacation Club Members who do not purchase their ownership interest directly from Disney Vacation Development, Inc. will not have access to Member discounts on applicable ticket media.
Why am I getting an error message when I try to enter my Annual Pass into my profile?
When entering your Annual Pass into your profile, be sure to include only the digits that make up your Passholder number.If you have additional questions, please visit our visit our phone Directory to contact us.Enter your Annual Pass number on My Profile in My Disney Experience.
I’m planning to visit Walt Disney World Resort for more than 7 days. Is there a ticket available that’s longer than the 7-Day Disney Theme Park ticket?
Yes. You may purchase an 8-day, 9-day or 10-day Disney Theme Park ticket,  or purchase an Annual Pass.Annual Passes have additional benefits, , such as special discounts, that can make them a great value.
If I purchase a select Florida Resident Annual Pass using the Monthly Payment Program, will it automatically renew?
No. Your Annual Pass is valid for one year from the date of issuance and does not automatically renew. Annual Passes can be manually renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
What proof of residence will I need to provide in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass?
You’ll need to provide proof of a Florida residential address in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass. For each ticket or pass purchased for an adult, you may provide any of the following:Valid Florida driver’s license (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida state-issued ID card (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida-based military ID, *For your convenience, Florida residents with any of the above listed identification can now verify their residency online, which means you can bypass Guest Relations and go straight to the parks! Simply fill out the “Your Florida Resident Information” form upon check-out when you purchase tickets through Disneyworld.com or complete the “Customize Your Tickets” step when you purchase through the My Disney Experience app.If you do not have one of the IDs indicated above, then you must provide one of the following—dated within the past 2 months—evidencing a Florida residential address, along with a corresponding picture ID (passport, driver's license, state identification card):Proof of Current Mortgage, You may use a monthly mortgage statement from within the past 2 months; it may not be more than 2 months old. Deeds, mortgage contracts, mortgage payment booklets and leases are not accepted.Bills, Policies or Registration, Current homeowner's insurance policy or bill, Current automobile registration, insurance policy or bill, Current Utility bill (power / phone / cable / water), Bills can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Mail, Mail from financial institutions, including checking, savings or investment account statements, Mail from federal, state, county or city government agencies, Mail can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Additional members of the same household must only provide proof of same residential address.Current statements and bills printed from electronic versions are accepted, along with electronic bills provided via smart phones and tablet devices.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How do I give someone theme park tickets as a gift?
It’s easy to give Walt Disney World theme park tickets as a gift. Select the tickets that you wish to give,  and proceed to checkout.In the “Guest Information” section on the Checkout page, select the “This order will be a gift” checkbox. Enter the first and last name of the Guest and make your purchase.Please keep in mind that gift orders will not be available immediately. It may take up to 24 hours after you received your email order confirmation before the recipient can pick up their tickets.Picking Up Gift Tickets, To pick up the ticket order at the park Main Entrance ticket window:The gift recipient will need to present the gift receipt and a valid government-issued photo ID.The name you provided for the gift recipient must match the name on the ID. If the recipient is a minor, the minor's parent or legal guardian will need to accompany the minor and present a valid government-issued photo ID.Ready to give some magic? Select your tickets!
How do I renew someone else's annual pass as a gift?
To renew an existing annual pass as a gift, please call (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. After you pay in full, we will mail you a renewal certificate, which you can give to the gift recipient. The recipient can take the renewal certificate to a park Main Entrance ticket window to complete their annual pass renewal.If you’d prefer to renew in person, please visit a park Main Entrance ticket window along with the Annual Passholder. You must both be present to complete the renewal of the pass.Learn more about annual passes.
When can I use my theme park ticket?
Walt Disney World Resort theme park tickets are valid for admission beginning on the selected start date and must be used within the valid use period provided at the time of purchase. Here are the details:1-day,  – The ticket expires on the selected start date.2-day,  – The ticket expires 4 days after the selected start date.3-day,  – The ticket expires 5 days after the selected start date.4-day,  – The ticket expires 7 days after the selected start date.5-day,  – The ticket expires 8 days after the selected start date.6-day,  – The ticket expires 9 days after the selected start date.7-day,  – The ticket expires 10 days after the selected start date.8-day,  – The ticket expires 12 days after the selected start date.9-day,  – The ticket expires 13 days after the selected start date.10-day,  – The ticket expires 14 days after the selected start date.For example, a 6-day base ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 9.Selection of the Park Hopper Option,  for same-day admission to more than one theme park is subject to the validity windows listed above.Selection of the Water Park and Sports Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with admission to one theme park per day—adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Water Park and Sports Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Selection of the Park Hopper Plus Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with same-day admission to more than one theme park— adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Park Hopper Plus Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Disney Theme Park Tickets Purchased as Part of a Walt Disney Travel Company Package, Tickets purchased as part of a Walt Disney Travel Company room and ticket package are valid for admission beginning on the date of check-in and must be used by the date of check-out, or in accordance with the validity windows listed above—whichever period is longer.Learn more about tickets.Additional Ticket Information, The amount paid for an unused, expired ticket may be applied towards the purchase of a new ticket at the current price so long as the new ticket purchase price is equal to or greater than the amount paid for the original ticket.Unless otherwise stated, tickets are not valid for separately priced activities or events. Admission is subject to capacity closures and to other restrictions.Purchasing Tickets, Don’t have theme park tickets yet? Purchase your tickets now.
I’m an Annual Passholder. How often will I receive the Mickey Monitor newsletter?
The Mickey Monitor newsletter is mailed out every February, May, August and November, and each edition includes additional benefits and program updates.  Remember: only one newsletter will be sent per active Walt Disney World Passholder household, and is exclusively available in the United States and Puerto Rico.
I purchased tickets to a special event—like Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party or Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party—and selected Print at Home eTickets as the delivery method, but I never received the tickets. Who should I contact?
We apologize that you did not receive your eTicket. When you purchased your tickets from disneyworld.com, you should have been given the option to print or download the tickets as PDF files, . The PDF files should also have been emailed to you. Please double check your computer and email to make sure you do not already have the ticket files.If you’ve confirmed that you do not have a copy of the ticket files, please visit any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window or Disney Springs , Guest Relations.
I ordered tickets, but they did not arrive as scheduled. Who should I contact?
Email ticket.inquiries@disneyworld.com,  or call (407) 566-4985. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Although Walt Disney World Resort can sometimes get your order to you faster than the required number of days, 14 days is allotted for the processing, handling and shipping of your tickets.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Can I use more than one credit card to purchase tickets on disneyworld.com? 
You are only able to use one credit card per transaction.Purchases on disneyworld.com may be made with the following forms of payment: , Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card, Diners Club Charge Card, JCB (Japan Credit Bureau), Disney Gift Card, Disney Rewards Dollars, Disney® Visa® Card , Disney® Visa® Card is available to United States residents only.
How can I determine if a promotional offer is still available?
View the current special offers for Walt Disney World tickets, Disney Resort hotels, vacation packages and more.If you do not see the offer that you are looking for, but you believe that it may still be valid, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Some offers may be specific to you—for example, if you received an offer by mail or email. If you are inquiring about such an offer, please follow the instructions related to the offer.
I have a MagicBand and tickets that are both linked to my Disney account. Do I still need to bring the tickets to Walt Disney World Resort?
No. If you have an active MagicBand, , you do not need to present your ticket at the theme park Main Entrance after linking both to your Disney account. Any active MagicBand or card linked to your Disney account will be able to access your linked theme park admission.However, please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Linking a ticket to your Disney account allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you during your visit. You can link theme park tickets, water park tickets, special event tickets and annual passes.Don’t worry! If you lose your MagicBand or card and it is linked to your Disney account, you do not also lose your tickets. You can request a replacement MagicBand or card,  and access your tickets through the new MagicBand or card. Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
What are the advantages of linking a ticket to my Disney account?
Linking a ticket to your Disney account,  allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, , so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you during your visit. You can link theme park tickets, water park tickets, special event tickets and annual passes.Don’t worry! If you lose your MagicBand or card and it is linked to your Disney account, you do not also lose your tickets. You can request a replacement MagicBand or card,  and access your tickets through the new MagicBand or card. Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
Am I able to link all of the tickets that I need for my visit to Walt Disney World Resort to my Disney account?
In many cases, yes. Most theme park and special event tickets can be linked to your Disney account. However, some events, entertainment and other offerings—like movies at AMC Disney Springs 24, —require physical tickets.Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Linking a ticket to your Disney account allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, , so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you during your visit.Don’t worry! If you lose your MagicBand or card and it is linked to your Disney account, you do not also lose your tickets. You can request a replacement MagicBand or card,  and access your tickets through the new MagicBand or card. Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.Purchase a ticket,  or link a ticket to your Disney account. 
I linked a ticket my Disney account. Will the ticket still expire?
Yes. Your theme park tickets,  will expire as usual. Tickets maintain the same terms and conditions—including the expiration policy—as they had before you linked them to your Disney account.Most theme park tickets expire 14 days after the date of their first use, but please be sure to check the specific terms and conditions for your ticket to confirm their expiration policy.If you have questions about when your tickets will expire, please ask at a Guest Relations,  location at Walt Disney World Resort or call (407) 939-1289. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Linking a ticket to your Disney account allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, , so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you during your visit. You can link theme park tickets, water park tickets, special event tickets and annual passes.Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
After I link a ticket to my Disney account, can I reassign the ticket to someone else?
Yes. If the ticket has not yet been used, you can reassign a ticket to another person on your Family & Friends list, . To do so, visit the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, , locate the ticket you wish to reassign and select the “Reassign Ticket” link to the right of the ticket.Tickets can be reassigned until their first usage. Once they are used, tickets cannot be reassigned.To use tickets for theme park entry, all Guests must have an active MagicBand or card, . If you have tickets linked to your Disney account but you do not have an active MagicBand or card, please visit any theme park ticket window or Guest Relations,  location when you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort.Visit My Reservations to view and reassign unused tickets.
Does the Park Hopper Option provide admission to the water parks?
No. Disney Theme Park Tickets,  with the Park Hopper Option do not include admission to the Disney water parks—, Disney's Blizzard Beach Water Park,  and Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park.However, Disney Theme Park Tickets with the Water Park and Sports Option or Park Hopper Plus Option do include a certain number of admissions to the water parks—based on the number of days in your ticket or package. If you wish to visit a Disney water park, we recommend that you add the Water Park and Sports Option or Park Hopper Plus Option to your ticket. Individual admission tickets are also available at the Main Entrance of each water park.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
Do Annual Passholders receive discounts on theme park or water park tickets for other people?
View the latest Passholder discounts—including the complete terms for booking and redeeming discounts.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What special benefits do I get with a Walt Disney World annual pass?
The specific discounts and benefits that you receive depend on which pass,  you purchase. Benefits may include:Complimentary standard parking at Walt Disney World theme parks, Disney PhotoPass downloads, Dining benefits and discounts, Merchandise discounts, Sports and recreation discounts, Tour discounts, Event and entertainment ticket discounts, Benefits and discounts are subject to availability and change.We have recently introduced a whole new set of passes, designed to offer a wider variety of options and entitlements to better fit your needs. If you purchased your current pass before October 4, 2015, your current pass has not changed and your existing benefits,  will remain valid through your pass expiration date. Please continue to enjoy your pass as you always have.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
I’m a Florida resident and I purchased an Annual Pass with the Monthly Payment Program. Can I pay off my balance at any time?
Yes. If you are a Florida Resident and purchased an annual pass using the monthly payment program, you may pay off your balance in its entirety at any time without penalty by calling Passholder Payment Services at (888) 701-4100. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.You can also pay at the ticket booth of any theme park in Walt Disney World Resort or at Disney Springs Guest Relations.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
I purchased an Annual Pass using the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents. Can I change my credit or debit card on file during the payment period?
Yes. You can change the card used for your monthly payments at any time by visiting a Walt Disney World Guest Relations location or by contacting Passholder Payment Services at (888) 701-4100. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are issued a new card during the payment period, be sure to update your card on file.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents.
I wish to link a ticket to my Disney account, but I do not see the ID Number on my ticket. What should I do?
Please double-check the ticket to be sure that it does not include the ID Number. Check both the front and the back.Some tickets may not include the necessary information to link your ticket to your Disney account, . To link these tickets, please visit the Guest Relations,  locations at the theme park Main Entrance or call us at (407) 939-1289. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Theme park tickets,  can be linked to your Disney account—including tickets with options such as the Park Hopper and Park Hopper Plus Options. In addition, water park tickets, special event tickets and Annual Passes can be linked to your Disney account.If you purchased your theme park tickets before 2005, and they are still valid for admission, you may still be able to link them to your Disney account. If you have a valid ticket from before 2005, please ask for help at the Guest Relations location at the Main Entrance of our theme parks.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
What proof of residence will I need to provide in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass?
You’ll need to provide proof of a Florida residential address in order to purchase a Florida Resident park ticket or annual pass. For each ticket or pass purchased for an adult, you may provide any of the following:Valid Florida driver’s license (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida state-issued ID card (must have a Florida address), Valid Florida-based military ID, *For your convenience, Florida residents with any of the above listed identification can now verify their residency online, which means you can bypass Guest Relations and go straight to the parks! Simply fill out the “Your Florida Resident Information” form upon check-out when you purchase tickets through Disneyworld.com or complete the “Customize Your Tickets” step when you purchase through the My Disney Experience app.If you do not have one of the IDs indicated above, then you must provide one of the following—dated within the past 2 months—evidencing a Florida residential address, along with a corresponding picture ID (passport, driver's license, state identification card):Proof of Current Mortgage, You may use a monthly mortgage statement from within the past 2 months; it may not be more than 2 months old. Deeds, mortgage contracts, mortgage payment booklets and leases are not accepted.Bills, Policies or Registration, Current homeowner's insurance policy or bill, Current automobile registration, insurance policy or bill, Current Utility bill (power / phone / cable / water), Bills can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Mail, Mail from financial institutions, including checking, savings or investment account statements, Mail from federal, state, county or city government agencies, Mail can be no more than 2 months old (P.O. Boxes are not accepted as proof of residency), Additional members of the same household must only provide proof of same residential address.Current statements and bills printed from electronic versions are accepted, along with electronic bills provided via smart phones and tablet devices.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I purchased an annual pass online. Where do I redeem my certificate?
Bring a printed copy of your certificate along with a photo ID to any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window for redemption. If you purchased an annual pass or used our Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, you will also need to bring proof of Florida residency.Each Passholder will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase an annual pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
When can I renew my Annual Pass?
You can renew your Annual Pass up to 60 days before and 30 days after the pass expiration date. Keep in mind that your renewed Annual Pass will expire one year from your Anniversary Date, regardless of when you actually renew.There are 3 convenient ways to renew:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
Am I required to sign up for a Disney account to link a ticket to a MagicBand or card?
Yes. To link a ticket, you must have a Disney account or sign up for a new account. You do not technically link a ticket to a MagicBand or card; you link a ticket to your Disney account. You can access tickets linked to your account with any active MagicBand or card that is also linked to the account.Once you’ve signed up for a Disney account, you’ll find that it’s quick and easy to access and manage your tickets in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, . My Reservations also conveniently lists the Resort hotel reservations, vacation packages and dining reservations that you purchased or reserved on disneyworld.com.Create a new Disney account,  or link a ticket to your Disney account. 
Do Annual Passholders receive any special discounts?
Yes, Passholders enjoy exclusive events, special offers and valuable discounts on select options including dining, merchandise, recreation, tours and more. View annual pass benefits and discounts.A complete list of discounts, benefits, special offers and services for Walt Disney World Passholders is also available at all Disney theme park Guest Relations locations.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Do I need to purchase an admission ticket to attend an event at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex?
Yes. Most ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex events do require the purchase of an admission ticket.Admission to some events may be included if you purchase a Park Hopper Plus Option with your Disney Theme Park Ticket.Learn more about ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex.
My Annual Pass will expire soon. Is there a discount for renewing?
Yes. As a courtesy, we offer a discount for renewing your Walt Disney World Annual Pass up to 30 days after your Anniversary Date.There are 3 convenient ways to renew your Annual Pass:Renew online, Renew at any Walt Disney World Resort theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations location.Renew over the phone by calling (407) 560-PASS or (407) 560-7277. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you are renewing through the Monthly Payment Program for Florida residents, phone renewals are not available. However, you can renew online, in person at a theme park ticket window or Guest Relations location. Annual Passes can be renewed up to 60 days before and 30 days after expiration.Though the Annual Pass owner does not need to be present for renewal, each Annual Pass owner will need to be present at the ticket window to receive his or her pass.Learn more about Annual Passes,  or purchase a new Annual Pass.
I ordered theme park tickets from disneyworld.com and selected standard shipping. The site said that my order will arrive in 14 days. Will my tickets actually come in less time?
Although Walt Disney World Resort can sometimes get your order to you faster than the required number of days, 14 days is allotted for the processing, handling and shipping of your tickets.If you need tickets in less than 14 days, you may purchase your tickets when you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort.
When can I use my theme park ticket?
Walt Disney World Resort theme park tickets are valid for admission beginning on the selected start date and must be used within the valid use period provided at the time of purchase. Here are the details:1-day,  – The ticket expires on the selected start date.2-day,  – The ticket expires 4 days after the selected start date.3-day,  – The ticket expires 5 days after the selected start date.4-day,  – The ticket expires 7 days after the selected start date.5-day,  – The ticket expires 8 days after the selected start date.6-day,  – The ticket expires 9 days after the selected start date.7-day,  – The ticket expires 10 days after the selected start date.8-day,  – The ticket expires 12 days after the selected start date.9-day,  – The ticket expires 13 days after the selected start date.10-day,  – The ticket expires 14 days after the selected start date.For example, a 6-day base ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 9.Selection of the Park Hopper Option,  for same-day admission to more than one theme park is subject to the validity windows listed above.Selection of the Water Park and Sports Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with admission to one theme park per day—adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Water Park and Sports Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Selection of the Park Hopper Plus Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with same-day admission to more than one theme park— adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Park Hopper Plus Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Disney Theme Park Tickets Purchased as Part of a Walt Disney Travel Company Package, Tickets purchased as part of a Walt Disney Travel Company room and ticket package are valid for admission beginning on the date of check-in and must be used by the date of check-out, or in accordance with the validity windows listed above—whichever period is longer.Learn more about tickets.Additional Ticket Information, The amount paid for an unused, expired ticket may be applied towards the purchase of a new ticket at the current price so long as the new ticket purchase price is equal to or greater than the amount paid for the original ticket.Unless otherwise stated, tickets are not valid for separately priced activities or events. Admission is subject to capacity closures and to other restrictions.Purchasing Tickets, Don’t have theme park tickets yet? Purchase your tickets now.
What type of tickets can be linked to my Disney account?
Theme park tickets,  can be linked to your Disney account—including tickets with options such as the Park Hopper and Park Hopper Plus Options. In addition, water park tickets, special event tickets and annual passes can be linked to your Disney account.If you purchased your theme park tickets before 2005, and they are still valid for admission, you may still be able to link them to your Disney account. To link these older tickets, please visit the Guest Relations,  locations at the theme park Main Entrance or call us at (407) 939-1289. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Linking a ticket to your Disney account allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, , so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you during your visit.Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
Are theme park tickets transferable? May I give them to someone else to use the remaining days?
No. Once a person uses a Disney Theme Park Ticket, , all subsequent admissions are specific to that person and cannot be transferred to anyone else.If you have not yet used a ticket, you may transfer it to another person. , You may also buy a new theme park ticket online,  or at the theme park Main Entrance.Please Check Our Park Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort park rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our park rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.
When can I use my theme park ticket?
Walt Disney World Resort theme park tickets are valid for admission beginning on the selected start date and must be used within the valid use period provided at the time of purchase. Here are the details:1-day,  – The ticket expires on the selected start date.2-day,  – The ticket expires 4 days after the selected start date.3-day,  – The ticket expires 5 days after the selected start date.4-day,  – The ticket expires 7 days after the selected start date.5-day,  – The ticket expires 8 days after the selected start date.6-day,  – The ticket expires 9 days after the selected start date.7-day,  – The ticket expires 10 days after the selected start date.8-day,  – The ticket expires 12 days after the selected start date.9-day,  – The ticket expires 13 days after the selected start date.10-day,  – The ticket expires 14 days after the selected start date.For example, a 6-day base ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 9.Selection of the Park Hopper Option,  for same-day admission to more than one theme park is subject to the validity windows listed above.Selection of the Water Park and Sports Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with admission to one theme park per day—adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Water Park and Sports Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Selection of the Park Hopper Plus Option,  to include visits to Disney water parks and other attractions—along with same-day admission to more than one theme park— adds another day to your valid use period. For example, a 6-day Park Hopper Plus Option ticket with a start date of November 1 is valid any 6 days from November 1 to November 10.Disney Theme Park Tickets Purchased as Part of a Walt Disney Travel Company Package, Tickets purchased as part of a Walt Disney Travel Company room and ticket package are valid for admission beginning on the date of check-in and must be used by the date of check-out, or in accordance with the validity windows listed above—whichever period is longer.Learn more about tickets.Additional Ticket Information, The amount paid for an unused, expired ticket may be applied towards the purchase of a new ticket at the current price so long as the new ticket purchase price is equal to or greater than the amount paid for the original ticket.Unless otherwise stated, tickets are not valid for separately priced activities or events. Admission is subject to capacity closures and to other restrictions.Purchasing Tickets, Don’t have theme park tickets yet? Purchase your tickets now.
I’ve used my tickets, but they are unexpired and still have unused days left. Can these tickets still be linked to my Disney account?
Yes. Tickets can be linked to your Disney account,  if they have been used, as long as they are unexpired and still have valid park admissions left. When you link a partially used ticket, you are asked to match the ticket to the person who previously used it for park admission. Linking a ticket to your Disney account allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, , so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you during your visit. You can link theme park tickets, water park tickets, special event tickets and annual passes.Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.A partially used ticket cannot be reassigned in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, . The terms and conditions of the original ticket, including expiration rules, still apply when they are linked to your Disney account. Tickets are nontransferable and must be used by the same person on all days.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
How can I determine the number of days remaining on a theme park ticket?
When you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort, please show your ticket to a Cast Member at any of the following locations:Ticket windows at theme parks and water parks, Concierge desks at Disney Resort hotels, Guest Relations at Disney Springs, If you wish to check from home, please email us at ticket.usage@disneyworld.com,  and include the following:Photograph or scan of the front and back of each ticket, Your full name, Where and when ticket was purchased, Purchaser’s name and form of payment, Phone number where you can be reached during the day, Please keep the total email size, including attachments, below 20 MB. To ensure your email is less than 20 MB, you may need to compress your images or send multiple emails.We’ll try to get back to you as soon as possible, but it normally takes 14 business days for a response.
I have linked a ticket to my Disney account. How do I use the ticket?
Once your ticket has been linked to your Disney account, , and you have matched the ticket to yourself, all you have to do is go to the theme park or water park, touch your MagicBand or card,  to the touch point at the Main Entrance and enjoy your visit!, Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Don’t worry! If you lose your MagicBand or card and it is linked to your Disney account, you do not also lose your tickets. You can request a replacement MagicBand or card,  and access your tickets through the new MagicBand or card. Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.Visit My Reservations to view and reassign unused tickets.
I purchased a ticket that includes the Water Park Fun & More Option. Since that option is no longer being sold, can I still use my ticket?
Yes, unused and unexpired tickets that include the Water Park Fun & More Option are still valid.
Can I still purchase a ticket that includes the Water Park Fun & More Option?
Although the Water Park Fun & More Option is no longer being sold, you can purchase the Park Hopper Plus Option, which includes same-day admission to all 4 of our theme parks on each day of your ticket, plus a certain number of visits to a water park or other Walt Disney World fun.
I’m on my way to—or already at—my Resort hotel but haven’t checked in yet. Can I still participate in the Direct-to-Room service?
Yes. You can use the Direct-to-Room service anytime in advance up to and including your arrival day. However, we recommend starting the check-in process before your arrival day so you can make your vacation experience even easier and more convenient.Check-in time for all Disney Resort hotels is 3:00 PM, except for Disney Deluxe Villa Resorts, which have a check-in time of 4:00 PM.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Can I still visit the Front Desk if I’m using the Direct-to-Room service?
Cast Members at the Front Desk are delighted to assist you with questions about your stay. Visit the Front Desk, use the Call Resort feature in the My Disney Experience app,  or tap “Front Desk” on your Disney Resort hotel room phone for personal assistance 24 hours a day. Learn more about the Front Desk.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
What is the difference between the Online Check-in and Direct-to-Room services?
Online Check-in,  is a component of the Direct-to-Room service, , offering registered Disney Resort hotel Guests at Walt Disney World Resort an opportunity to simplify their arrival while still enjoying a magical Disney welcome. The Direct-to-Room service takes the convenience of online check-in service to the next level, providing an opportunity to get to the fun faster by bypassing the Front Desk and—upon receiving a “room is ready” communication—heading straight to your room, using either a MagicBand or the My Disney Experience app,  to unlock your door.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Can I use the Direct-to-Room service if I’m staying in a Club-Level room?
Absolutely! The Direct-to-Room service is available for all room types at participating Disney Resort hotels.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
What are the benefits of the Direct-to-Room service?
The Direct-to-Room service lets you...View your reservation, Simplify your arrival, Bypass the Front Desk⁠, Receive real-time room ready updates, including room number and arrival instructions, Have digital access to Resort hotel maps, Use your MagicBand or the My Disney Experience app to unlock your door, Begin the fun and magic of your vacation even sooner, Need anything else? You can still visit the Front Desk any time after you've arrived!, Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
How do I become eligible to use the Direct-to-Room Service?
Direct-to-Room service is a complimentary service available to all registered Disney Resort hotel Guests at Walt Disney World Resort.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Can Guests with Disabilities Use the Direct-to-Room Service?
Of course! Guests with disabilities can also enjoy the convenience of bypassing the Front Desk and heading straight to their rooms using the Direct-to-Room service. And as always, the Front Desk Cast Members are happy to help with any requests you might have.Get an overview of the many services and access options,  available to Guests with Disabilities throughout Walt Disney World Resort.For more information, please contact Disability Services at (407) 560-2547 or email disability.services@disneyparks.com.
Where can I get help with the Direct-to-Room service?
If you are experiencing technical difficulties with the Direct-to-Room service, please check to be sure that you have the latest version of your web browser:Download Internet Explorer, Download Mozilla Firefox, Download Safari, If you’re using the latest version of your browser and you’re still unable to use the Direct-to-Room service, please call (407) 939-4357 and we will help you check in online. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
When I use the Direct-to-Room service, what sort of information do I need to provide online?
During the online check-in process, you’ll provide the same information you would typically provide to the Front Desk during a standard check-in—including a credit card for incidental charges, your arrival time, room location requests (which are subject to availability), home address and mobile phone number. We’ll also ask you to create a 4-digit personal identification number that you—and the other members of your party with charging privileges—will use to verify your identity when you make purchases and use dining entitlements at Walt Disney World Resort.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Does participation in the Direct-to-Room service guarantee that my room will ready when I arrive at my Disney Resort hotel?
No. Rooms and campsites are available at the standard check-in time of 3:00 PM for all Disney Resort hotels, except for Disney Deluxe Villa Resorts, which have a check-in time of 4:00 PM.However, while we do not guarantee early availability, we will try to accommodate early check-in upon request.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
Which Disney Resort hotels offer the Direct-to-Room service?
Disney’s Direct-to Room service is available at the following Disney Resort hotels at Walt Disney World Resort:Disney's All-Star Movies Resort, Disney's All-Star Music Resort, Disney's All-Star Sports Resort, Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas – Jambo House, Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas – Kidani Village, Disney's Art of Animation Resort, Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Resort, Disney’s Beach Club Villas, Disney’s BoardWalk Inn, Disney’s BoardWalk Villas, The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort, Disney’s Caribbean Beach Resort, Disney’s Contemporary Resort, Disney’s Coronado Springs Resort, Disney’s Grand Floridian Resort & Spa, Disney’s Old Key West Resort, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, Disney’s Pop Century Resort, Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – French Quarter, Disney’s Port Orleans Resort – Riverside, Disney’s Riviera Resort, Disney’s Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa, Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, Disney’s Wilderness Lodge, Disney’s Yacht Club Resort
Can Disney Vacation Club Members use the Direct-to-Room service when using Vacation Points or cash reservations?
Yes. Disney Vacation Club Members are able to use the Direct-to-Room service when staying at participating Disney Resort hotels.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
I arrived early, but my room's not ready yet. What can I do?
No worries! You can use your MagicBand or the Unlock Door feature on the My Disney Experience app,  to enjoy your Disney Resort hotel in a variety of areas—including the swimming pool—before your room is available.Have luggage? Drop it off with Valet, Bell Service or Luggage Assistance at the entrance of your Resort for storage until your room is ready.If you take advantage of Disney′s Magical Express transportation, , we can deliver your luggage directly to your room when it is available, so you are free to start enjoying Walt Disney World Resort. Only select Disney Resort hotels,  offer access to Disney’s Magical Express transportation.If you have a Disney dining plan, you can start using it the day you’re scheduled to arrive even before your room is available. Feel free to take advantage of quick-service locations in the hotel to utilize entitlements of the plan, such as getting a refillable drink mug, snack or a meal. To redeem, Guests need to show their MagicBand or card. If you don’t have a MagicBand, but have one awaiting your pickup at the Front Desk of your Disney Resort hotel, you can retrieve it at your convenience.*, Check-in time for all Disney Resort hotels is 3:00 PM, except for Disney Deluxe Villa Resorts, which have a check-in time of 4:00 PM. The checkout time is 11:00 AM.* Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.
How does the Direct-to-Room service work?
The Direct-to-Room service helps Disney Resort hotel Guests simplify their arrival while still enjoying a magical Disney welcome.Follow these simple steps to start enjoying the service today: Link your Disney Resort hotel reservation to your Disney Account.Use the Online Check-in service prior to arrival.On arrival day, use the My Disney Experience app to get real-time reservation updates, including a notification when your room is ready.When your room is ready, use the Resort hotel map in the app to find your room. Then unlock your door with your MagicBand, or use the Unlock Door feature on the app. Want to learn more about the Direct-to-Room service? Watch a video.* More on MagicBands, ** If you used the My Disney Experience app to enter your room and you have a MagicBand awaiting your pickup at the Front Desk of your Disney Resort hotel, you can retrieve it at your convenience.** In addition to using your active MagicBand to unlock doors at your Disney Resort hotel, you can use it, if applicable, for…, *** Park admission, *** FastPass+ experiences, *** Extra Magic Hours, *** Room charges, *** Dining plan meal redemption, Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.
What sort of ID do I need to provide when I arrive at my Disney Resort hotel?
Upon arrival at your Disney Resort hotel, you may be requested to provide a valid form of photo identification. Valid forms of identification include driver’s license, government-issued passport, government-issued photo ID or active military ID.If you have additional questions about our identification requirements, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Who should I contact with questions about the Disney Premier Visa Card application process that is available during Online Check-in?
Please call JPMorgan Chase at (800) 300-8575. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please note that Disney Visa Instant Credit is available to United States residents only.
Is my room assigned when I initiate the Direct-to-Room service?
No. Rooms are not assigned until your arrival day. We take into consideration information you provide during the online check-in process, such as your estimated arrival time and any room location request selections (subject to availability), when assigning a room.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
I’m using the Direct-to-Room service but need help unlocking my door.
If you experience difficulties unlocking your door, get help from a Cast Member by tapping “Call Resort Hotel” on your “Resort Reservation” screen of the My Disney Experience app.
I’m visiting Walt Disney World Resort as part of a convention or group. Can I use Direct-to-Room service?
Yes. Direct-to-Room is available to members of conventions or groups.Begin the check-in process in advance of your arrival using the Direct-to-Room service on disneyworld.com,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
What is the Direct-to-Room service?
The Direct-to-Room service is a complimentary service available to all registered Disney Resort hotel Guests at Walt Disney World Resort. The service is a convenient option designed to help Guests simplify their arrival while still enjoying a magical Disney welcome. Get to the fun faster by bypassing the Front Desk⁠—plus get real-time room ready updates and even use the My Disney Experience app as a digital key!, When you use the Direct-to-Room service, you provide us in advance of your arrival with information typically collected during a traditional check-in at the Front Desk. On arrival day, you’ll receive notifications on your mobile device (based on communication preferences you have opted into) with real-time updates, including when your room is ready and what your room number is. When your room is ready, use the Resort hotel map in the app to find your room. Then unlock your door with your MagicBand, , or use the Unlock Door feature on the app.Begin your check-in to go directly to your room by linking your Disney Resort hotel reservation,  to your Disney Account. Once linked, view your reservation on the “My Plans” page,  and select “Start Check-in.” Or view your reservation from the “My Plans” screen in the My Disney Experience app.
What is the Online Check-in Service?
The Online Check-in service is a convenient option that starts your check-in process online. As a component of the Direct-to-Room service, , Online Check-in can help Disney Resort hotel,  Guests reduce registration time and simplify their arrival—while still enjoying a magical Disney welcome.When you use the Direct-to-Room service, you provide us in advance of your arrival with information typically collected during a traditional check-in at the Front Desk. On arrival day, you’ll receive notifications on your mobile device (based on communication preferences you have opted into) with real-time updates, including when your room is ready and what your room number is. When your room is ready, use the Resort hotel map in the app to find your room. Then unlock your door with your MagicBand, or use the Unlock Door feature on the app.Begin your check-in to go directly to your room by linking your Disney Resort hotel reservation,  to your Disney Account. Once linked, view your reservation on the “My Plans”,  page and select “Start Check-in.” Or view your reservation from the “My Plans” screen in the My Disney Experience app.
When can I make advance reservations for experiences at Walt Disney World Resort, such as dining reservations and available Enchanting Extras Collection experiences?
All Guests may now make advance reservations for dining and other experiences up to 60 days in advance. In addition, Disney Resort hotel Guests can make reservations up to 60 days in advance plus the length of their stay (up to 10 days).Dining reservations can be booked online, Enchanting Extras Collection experiences can be booked by calling (407) 939-6690—or (800) 800-9800 for Disney Vacation Club Members, Here are some additional details to help you plan:In-Park Dining, With the opening of Magic Kingdom park and Disney’s Animal Kingdom theme park on July 11, followed by EPCOT and Disney’s Hollywood Studios on July 15, Guests will need valid park admission and a reservation for park entry,  through the new Disney Park Pass system—as well as a dining reservation—to dine at in-park, table-service restaurants. Dining reservations do not guarantee admission to the park.Disney Resort Hotel Dining, Planning to dine at a table-service restaurant in a Disney Resort hotel? A confirmed dining reservation is required for day Guests (those not staying overnight) and is highly recommended for Guests staying overnight at a Disney Resort hotel.Disney Springs Dining, Select dining locations at Disney Springs,  are currently accepting reservations. Check availability and make reservations online now.Other Important Information, In order to foster physical distancing during this time, upon reopening, our offerings, restaurants and other experiences such as behind-the-scenes tours will be limited in capacity, while other experiences may remain closed.
My family prefers to decide what to do at breakfast each day of our park visit. To use FastPass+ service, do we have to make all our plans in advance? 
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.It’s up to you. FastPass+ service,  is great for Guests who like to make plans in advance, while also offering convenience and flexibility for Guests who prefer a more spontaneous park experience. Please keep in mind that same-day availability for certain experiences may be limited.If you are making same-day plans―and FastPass+ arrival times are available―you can secure your choices using your mobile device or at a FastPass+ kiosk in the park.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or on your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time), subject to availability.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections,  early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.For more flexibility, use the My Disney Experience mobile app,  to select and modify FastPass+ experiences, access your vacation details and view maps and up-to-the-minute information.Make FastPass+ selections.
Can I cancel or change a FastPass+ selection?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Yes. You will be able to update or cancel your selections up to the start of the arrival window at an in-park FastPass+ kiosk or using your mobile device. Because availability is limited, we recommend you make selections early.When making FastPass+ selections, , you will be presented different experiences and times to pick from, and you’ll be able to view the selections on a map to help you plan want is best for your party. Keep in mind that all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you are always free to decide as you go.In advance, you can reserve up to 3 FastPass+ experiences per day at one theme park. Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can return to a kiosk to make more selections (one at a time), subject to availability.At the parks, use the My Disney Experience mobile app,  to choose and update FastPass+ selections, find real-time wait times, access your vacation details and view maps and other helpful information.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections.
I am a member of Club 33 at Disneyland Park in California and I am visiting Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. How do I receive my Club 33 dining and merchandise discounts?
Please bring your Club 33 Membership Card with you to Walt Disney World Resort to use for theme park admission and to access your Club 33 dining and merchandise discounts. To verify your identity, please bring a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.If both your MagicBand and Club 33 Membership Card are linked to your Disney account, , you can use your MagicBand for entry at Walt Disney World theme parks, but you will still need your Club 33 Membership Card to receive your member discounts.If you have any questions or you need help, please call Club 33 Member Services at (714) 300-7747. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How does FastPass+ service let me plan for members of my family who want to enjoy different kinds of attractions and entertainment?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.We want every member of your party to have a great Walt Disney World vacation—regardless of age or interest. Each time you request new FastPass+ selections, , you can choose the specific party members who will enjoy that set of experiences. Once you confirm those selections, you’ll be able to pick a different FastPass+ experience for those who wish to enjoy something else.If anyone in your party decides they don’t want to experience a FastPass+ selection, they are free to skip it. Please note that children under age 14 must be accompanied by a Guest age 14 or older to enter the theme parks and water parks. Once inside the parks, children under the age of 7 must be accompanied by a Guest age of 14 or older when entering an attraction.At select attractions, you can also take advantage of our Rider Switch,  option, which enables one adult to wait with children while another adult experiences the attraction. Then, the adults can switch so the other adult can experience the attraction—without having to wait in line a second time. You do not need to use FastPass+ service to use the Rider Switch option.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment.
I am a Walt Disney World Annual Passholder. How far in advance can I make FastPass+ selections?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Annual Passholders may secure up to 3 experiences per day up to 30 days in advance. Your pass allows you to plan 7 days of FastPass+ selections,  within any 30-day period for one park per day. Secure up to 3 experiences per day up to 30 days in advance—starting at 7:00 AM Eastern Time. And if plans change, it’s easy to update or cancel your selections.Passholders with reservations at a Disney Resort hotel,  can start making FastPass+ selections up to 60 days prior to check-in for the entire length of your stay. Please note that if your length of stay is longer than 2 weeks, FastPass+ selections can be made for up to 14 days.If you have a valid Walt Disney World Annual Pass, please follow these simple steps:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Annual Pass or Passes to your,  account, if you have not already done so.Make your FastPass+ selections.As with Guests using tickets, once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or using your mobile device. After you redeem your initial 3 selections, use the app or head to a kiosk to make another selection. If your Annual Pass permits you to visit a second park on the same day, you have the option to make additional FastPass+ selections at another park—even if you’re in a different park from your original selections!, For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections,  early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.If you have not yet received a MagicBand, , you’ll need to link your Annual Pass to your Disney account,  and customize your MagicBand,  at least 11 days before you plan to visit Walt Disney World Resort. Your MagicBand will be shipped to your home (shipping available to U.S. addresses only).For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.
Will FastPass+ service make the attraction standby lines longer?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.We do not anticipate that the attraction standby queues will be any longer than they were before FastPass+ service.In addition, at select attractions—such as The Haunted Mansion,  or The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, —we have created fun, interactive experiences for you to enjoy in the standby queues. We’ve tried to make the queue experience almost as much fun as the ride itself!, Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment.
I am an Annual Passholder and I don’t want to use a MagicBand. Can I still use FastPass+ service?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Yes. MagicBands,  are a convenient option for making your Walt Disney World visit more fun and carefree than ever, but if you prefer not to use a MagicBand, you can continue to use your annual pass for park admission, FastPass+,  service and Passholder discounts.If you are purchasing a new pass, you can receive your pass at any theme park or Disney Springs ticket sales location. To use your Passholder benefits, your pass must be presented along with a photo ID—such as a driver’s license or passport—at the time of purchase, when you book and when you redeem any Passholder offer.Additionally, all theme park Guests can make same-day, same-park FastPass+ selections at our in-park kiosks.Learn more about MyMagic+ and your privacy.
What time of day can I start making my FastPass+ selections on the first day I am eligible?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.You can begin making your FastPass+ selections,  at 7:00 AM Eastern Time up to 30 days in advance of your visit.Planning to stay at a Disney Resort hotel or another nearby hotel? You can make FastPass+ selections up to 60 days prior to check-in—for your entire length of stay—with your upcoming room reservation at one of the following:Disney Resort Hotels, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World, Best Western Lake Buena Vista Resort Hotel, B-Hotel Disney, Doubletree Suites Orlando Lake Buena Vista, Hilton Buena Vista Palace Resort, Hilton Orlando Resort Lake Buena Vista, Holiday Inn Orlando Disney Springs Area, Wyndham Garden Hotel Lake Buena Vista, Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort, Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek, Waldorf Astoria Bonnet Creek, Plans change? You can modify your FastPass+ selections at any time with:The My Disney Experience planning page, The My Disney Experience mobile app, Your Disney Resort hotel Lobby Concierge, The FastPass+ kiosks,  conveniently located throughout all 4 theme parks, After you redeem your initial 3 selections, use the app or head to a kiosk to make another selection—even if you’re in a different park from your original selections!, If you cancel your hotel reservations, please be aware of the following:If you book another eligible Resort reservation within 2 days, your FastPass+ selections will remain.If you do not book another eligible Resort reservation within 2 days, any FastPass+ selections that were booked more than 30 days prior to arrival are subject to cancellation.Valid theme park admission is required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Making advance FastPass+ selections requires online registration.
I have a child who is less than 3 years old. Do I need to make FastPass+ selections for my child?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.No. Children under 3 years of age do not need FastPass+ selections—if you have a FastPass+ selection, your little ones,  may join you at the FastPass+ entrance for the selected attraction or entertainment experience. Children 3 years of age or older who wish to use the FastPass+ entrance do require a FastPass+ selection and valid theme park admission.Some Walt Disney World attractions have height requirements. Please check our attraction list,  or any attraction page to see if your child is tall enough. If your little one does not meet the height requirement for an attraction, you may wish to use our Rider Switch,  option.Learn more about FastPass+ or make your FastPass+ selections.
How do I use my MagicBand or card when I have a FastPass+ arrival time at an attraction or entertainment experience?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.It’s so easy that you’ll think it’s magic!, When you arrive during your scheduled FastPass+,  arrival time, all you need to do is proceed to the FASTPASS queue entrance and touch your MagicBand or card to a sensor called a touch point.That’s it!, Please remember that each member of your party will have to individually touch their MagicBand or card to the touch point, so everyone should be sure to have their MagicBand or card available.Reserve access to FastPass+ attractions and entertainment.
If I miss my FastPass+ arrival window, do I lose my opportunity to experience the attraction?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.We understand that things happen that may cause you to miss a FastPass+ attraction arrival window—but don’t worry! If plans change while you’re at the park, you can modify your selections on your mobile device or at a FastPass+ kiosk as long as FastPass+ experiences are still available.Note that it’s best to make changes to your FastPass+ selection before the start time of the arrival window.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or using your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time). These additional selections are subject to availability.In addition, you can still use the standby queues available at all operating attractions.Valid theme park admission is required.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment.
What is the best way to make or modify my FastPass+ selections when I am visiting a Walt Disney World theme park?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.There are 3 different ways you can make, update or cancel FastPass+ selections while you’re at any of the theme parks:Open the My Disney Experience app,  on your mobile device and tap FastPass+ in the main menu (linked theme park admission required), Use the browser on your mobile device to go to disneyworld.com and sign in, then navigate to the FastPass+ page,  (linked park admission required), Use one of the in-park FastPass+ kiosks, Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or using your mobile device, based on availability. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time) up to park closing.If you have questions about FastPass+ service or your MagicBand, please stop by any Guest Relations,  location and we’ll be happy to help you.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.
I have a theme park ticket and an annual pass. Can I use both on the same day to make more FastPass+ selections?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.No. FastPass+,  selections can only be redeemed at an attraction or entertainment experience when they are associated with the same valid ticket,  or pass,  that you used to enter the theme park on that day.You can make up to 3 FastPass+ selections per day in advance on disneyworld.com, , using the My Disney Experience app,  or at an in-park FastPass+ kiosk, . After you redeem your initial 3 selections, you’ll be able to make an additional selection, based on availability.Theme park tickets are nontransferable. Valid theme park admission is required to make FastPass+ selections. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and the available arrival windows are limited.
Can I get more than one FastPass+ selection at a time?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Yes. You can make multiple FastPass+ selections in advance each day for attractions, entertainment and Character Greetings, . For most days, you will be able to select up to 3 FastPass+ experiences at a single theme park. However, the specific number depends on availability.With valid park admission, choose your FastPass+ experiences up to 30 days in advance of each day of your theme park visit. If you are also staying at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel, , you can start making your FastPass+ selections as early as 60 days―plus the number of days of your stay―prior to your check-in date.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or using your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time).For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early, . If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections.
Can I make FastPass+ selections at the same time I book my vacation?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.It depends on when you book your vacation. With the purchase of theme park admission, , you can make FastPass+ selections,  for attractions, entertainment and Character Greetings,  up to 30 days in advance of each day of your theme park visit.Planning to stay at a Disney Resort hotel or another nearby hotel? You can make FastPass+ selections up to 60 days prior to check-in—for your entire length of stay—with your upcoming room reservation at one of the following:Disney Resort Hotels, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World, Best Western Lake Buena Vista Resort Hotel, B-Hotel Disney, Doubletree Suites Orlando Lake Buena Vista, Hilton Buena Vista Palace Resort, Hilton Orlando Resort Lake Buena Vista, Holiday Inn Orlando Disney Springs Area, Wyndham Garden Hotel Lake Buena Vista, Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort, Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek, Waldorf Astoria Bonnet Creek, If you cancel your hotel reservations, please be aware of the following:If you book another eligible Resort reservation within 2 days, your FastPass+ selections will remain.If you do not book another eligible Resort reservation within 2 days, any FastPass+ selections that were booked more than 30 days prior to arrival are subject to cancellation.About FastPass+ Service, For a single theme park per day, you can reserve up to 3 FastPass+ experiences. You’ll have the flexibility to change or cancel your FastPass+ selections online, using your mobile phone or at a FastPass+ kiosk, , subject to availability.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk or on your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can return to the kiosk to make more selections (one at a time), subject to availability.Tips for Using FastPass+ Service, For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Learn more about FastPass+ service.
Can I make FastPass+ selections for more than one theme park in a single day? 
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.After you use your initial FastPass+ selections at the first park you visit, use a FastPass+ kiosk,  in the second park to make additional FastPass+ selections (one at a time) at a kiosk or using the mobile app at the second park you visit that day, up to park closing.When you also book a stay at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel, , you can start making your FastPass+ selections as early as 60 days―plus the number of days of your stay―prior to your check-in date.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Link theme park admission to your Disney account,  or make FastPass+ selections.
How many FastPass+ selections can I make for each day of my vacation?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Before you arrive, for each day of valid theme park admission, you can make up to 3 FastPass+ selections for a single park per day (depending on availability).Use the First 3, Then Get More, Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk or using your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can return to a kiosk to make more selections (one at a time).With a Resort Hotel Reservation Plus Tickets, Plan 60 Days in Advance, If you are staying at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel,  and also have theme park tickets, you’ll be able to start making your FastPass+ selections as early as 60 days prior to your check-in date for the entire length of your stay. Please note that if your stay is longer than 2 weeks, then FastPass+ selections can be made for up to 14 days.Managing Your FastPass+ Selections, To change or cancel your selections, view the FastPass+ page,  online or via the mobile app. You can also get assistance from the Lobby Concierge at your Walt Disney World Resort hotel or at a FastPass+ kiosk,  in any of the parks.Note that kiosks allow FastPass+ selections and updates only for the park where the kiosk is located, but you can view and cancel any of your FastPass+ selections, regardless of location.Planning Tips, For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early. But if you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions,  and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you’re free to decide as you go.Important Information, Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.View tickets on the My Reservations page,  or make FastPass+ selections.
Which Pandora – The World of Avatar attractions can I select using FastPass+ service?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Disney FastPass+ service,  for attractions within Pandora – The World of Avatar,  is available for our family-friendly Na’vi River Journey,  and the thrilling Avatar Flight of Passage.Since the attractions are very popular, we are only able to offer you the choice of one per day within Pandora – The World of Avatar, along with 2 of our other world-class attractions at Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, —such as Kilimanjaro Safaris, Expedition Everest - Legend of the Forbidden Mountain,  and more. In addition, standby will be available for these attractions.Valid theme park admission is required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Making advance FastPass+ selections requires online registration.Learn more about Pandora – The World of Avatar.
When can I make FastPass+ selections for attractions within Pandora – The World of Avatar?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.You can begin making your FastPass+ selections,  for Pandora – The World of Avatar,  at 7:00 AM Eastern Time up to 30 days in advance of your visit—the same time as our other Walt Disney World FastPass+ attractions,  and entertainment.Planning to stay at a Disney Resort hotel or another nearby hotel? You can make FastPass+ selections up to 60 days prior to check-in—for your entire length of stay—with your upcoming room reservation at one of the following:Disney Resort Hotels, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World, Best Western Lake Buena Vista Resort Hotel, B-Hotel Disney, Doubletree Suites Orlando Lake Buena Vista, Hilton Buena Vista Palace Resort, Hilton Orlando Resort Lake Buena Vista, Holiday Inn Orlando Disney Springs Area, Wyndham Garden Hotel Lake Buena Vista, Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort, Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek, Waldorf Astoria Bonnet Creek, Plans change? You can modify your FastPass+ selections at any time with:The My Disney Experience planning page, The My Disney Experience mobile app, Your Disney Resort hotel Lobby Concierge, The FastPass+ kiosks,  conveniently located throughout all 4 theme parks, After you redeem your initial 3 selections, use the app or head to a kiosk to make another selection—even if you’re in a different park from your original selections!, If you cancel your hotel reservations, please be aware of the following:If you book another eligible Resort reservation within 2 days, your FastPass+ selections will remain.If you do not book another eligible Resort reservation within 2 days, any FastPass+ selections that were booked more than 30 days prior to arrival are subject to cancellation.Valid theme park admission is required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Making advance FastPass+ selections requires online registration.
I don’t know the layout of the theme parks very well. Will FastPass+ service make it difficult to get from one experience to the next on time?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Don’t worry—when we suggest FastPass+ selections we carefully consider factors such as the length of an attraction and the travel time you will need between experiences. We use this information when we build your set of FastPass+ arrival window times for attractions and entertainment to provide you with a timeline that tries to make your vacation as leisurely and enjoyable as ever—actually, we hope, more than ever!, If you’d like to familiarize yourself with our parks, please check out our interactive online maps. , Maps are also available at the Main Entrance to our theme parks.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment.
What is Disney FastPass+ service and how does it work?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Disney FastPass+ service,  allows you to reserve access to select Walt Disney World theme park attractions, entertainment and Character Greetings,  in advance.You can begin making your FastPass+ selections,  at 7:00 AM Eastern Time up to 30 days in advance of your visit. Planning to stay at a Disney Resort hotel or another nearby hotel? You can make FastPass+ selections up to 60 days prior to check-in—for your entire length of stay—with your upcoming room reservation at one of the following:Disney Resort Hotels, Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel, Walt Disney World Swan Hotel, Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World, Best Western Lake Buena Vista Resort Hotel, B-Hotel Disney, Doubletree Suites Orlando Lake Buena Vista, Hilton Buena Vista Palace Resort, Hilton Orlando Resort Lake Buena Vista, Holiday Inn Orlando Disney Springs Area, Wyndham Garden Hotel Lake Buena Vista, Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort, Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek, Waldorf Astoria Bonnet Creek, Please be aware that if you cancel your Disney Resort hotel reservation, any FastPass+ selections that were booked more than 30 days prior to your planned arrival are subject to cancellation unless another eligible Resort reservation is booked within 2 days.Once you’ve registered online and linked your park admission, you can select from a list of experiences and times for your designated party. At the park, check in at FastPass+ entrances during the indicated time, with little or no wait. FastPass+ selections may also be made same-day at a FastPass+ kiosk,  in the theme park or using the My Disney Experience mobile app, , depending on availability.For a single theme park per day, you can make up to 3 FastPass+ selections in advance either online or using the mobile app and you may change or cancel your selections any time. You can also get assistance from the Lobby Concierge at your Walt Disney World Resort hotel or at a FastPass+ kiosk,  in any of the parks.Note that kiosks allow FastPass+ selections only for the park where the kiosk is located, but you can view and cancel any of your FastPass+ selections, regardless of location.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk or on your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can return to a kiosk to make more selections (one at a time), subject to availability.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early. If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Ready to try Disney FastPass+ service?
I did not receive a MagicBand from a Disney Resort hotel reservation or from an Annual Pass. Can I purchase a MagicBand?
Yes. You can purchase a MagicBand:Online at shopDisney, Select Walt Disney World theme park and Resort hotel retail locations, Select Disney Springs retail locations, Other select merchandise and retail locations, Link a MagicBand,  or link a theme park ticket,  to your Disney account.
Is FastPass+ service like a restaurant reservation? Do I have to show up at a specific time for an attraction?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.No—it’s better! For extra convenience, you are assigned an arrival window—usually one hour long—for each attraction you select. Show up any time that you wish during this window. Don’t worry about rushing to finish up a meal or getting delayed at another show or attraction.When it is within your designated arrival window time and you are ready to visit an attraction, all you need to do is proceed to the attraction, go to the FastPass+ entrance and touch your MagicBand,  or card to the touch point.While attractions usually offer a one-hour arrival window, other experiences like shows and parades may require you to arrive during a more specific timeframe.Valid theme park admission is required.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment.
How do I access FastPass+ service using my Annual Pass?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.If you have a valid Walt Disney World Annual Pass, please follow these simple steps to make your FastPass+ selections:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Annual Pass or Passes,  to your account, if you have not already done so.Access FastPass+ service.Annual Passholders can make FastPass+ selections up to 30 days in advance. Secure up to 3 FastPass+ selections for one park per day, for up to 7 days. If plans change, it’s easy to update or cancel your selections, , subject to availability.Passholders with reservations at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel,  can start making FastPass+ selections as early as 60 days prior to the check-in date―and can secure FastPass+ selections for the length of stay or up to 7 days. Please note that if your length of stay is longer than two weeks, FastPass+ selections can be made for up to 14 days.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or on your mobile device. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time) up to park closing.If your Annual Pass permits you to visit a second park on the same day, after you use your initial FastPass+ selections at the first park you visit, you have the option to make additional FastPass+ selections at an in-park kiosk or using your mobile device in the second park.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early, . If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
When we visit the theme parks, can we be spontaneous or does FastPass+ service require us to plan ahead or follow a strict schedule?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Because spontaneity is at the heart of many Walt Disney World Resort vacations, feel free to plan each day in a manner that works best for you and your family.All operating attractions,  and entertainment,  allow you to enter the standby queue or general viewing area at your convenience―without any advance planning. FastPass+ service is an optional benefit intended to help you make the most of your time, but it is in no means required.If you have made FastPass+ selections,  and want to update the time, experience or party members once you’re at the park, simply go online, use your mobile device or go to a FastPass+ kiosk to make changes, subject to availability.Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk,  or using your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can return to a kiosk to make more selections (one at a time).At the parks, use the My Disney Experience mobile app,  to select and update FastPass+ selections, find real-time wait times, access your vacation details and view maps and other helpful information.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections.
If I don’t make FastPass+ selections in advance, will I be able to experience my favorite attractions at the theme parks?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.All attractions still provide a standby queue—assuming they are not closed for refurbishment. If FastPass+ experiences are still available, you can make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment using your mobile device or at a FastPass+ kiosk when you arrive at the park.For even more on-the-go flexibility, download the My Disney Experience mobile app,  to select and modify FastPass+ experiences, plus access your vacation details, maps and up-to-the-minute information.In advance, you can reserve up to 3 FastPass+ experiences per day at one theme park. Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk or on your mobile device, up to park closing. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time), subject to availability.Note that kiosks allow FastPass+ selections only for the park where the kiosk is located, but you can view and cancel any of your FastPass+ selections, regardless of location.Learn more about FastPass+ service,  or make FastPass+ selections for attractions and entertainment.Check our Park Hours section,  to learn which attractions are currently scheduled to be closed for refurbishment. Our refurbishment schedule is subject to change, and attractions may become unavailable for unscheduled reasons.
Can I make FastPass+ selections on the same day I’m at the park for attractions, entertainment or Character Greetings?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Yes. If you have not made FastPass+,  selections in advance—or if you wish to change a previous selection—and FastPass+ experiences are still available— you may be able to make or modify your selections using your mobile device or at the FastPass+ kiosks,  located in all 4 theme parks.You can start with up to 3 FastPass+ experiences per day at one theme park. Once you redeem your initial set of FastPass+ selections (or the last arrival window has passed), you can make another FastPass+ selection for the same day at an in-park kiosk or on your mobile device. After you redeem the additional FastPass+ pick, you can make more selections (one at a time) up to park closing.For a greater range of choices, we recommend you make FastPass+ selections early, . If you prefer to be spontaneous, all attractions and Character Greetings provide standby entrances so you can decide as you go.Valid theme park admission required. FastPass+ attractions and entertainment experiences, the number of selections you can make and available arrival windows are limited. Certain MyMagic+ features and benefits require online registration.For additional convenience, we recommend that you download the My Disney Experience mobile app,  and use it to view, make and modify your FastPass+ selections.
Is Disney FastPass+ service offered for the attractions at 
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.Disney FastPass+,  service is currently offered on Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run, . However, it is not available for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, . We will continually evaluate our operations and services in order to help provide a great Guest experience.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, While Disney FastPass+ service is not offered for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, , you may be required to join a virtual queue to access the attraction.Learn more about the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.
What happens when someone accepts my Family & Friends invitation for My Disney Experience?
Once you invite someone to connect to your Family & Friends list, that person will receive an email notification and be given the choice to accept or decline your invitation. When they accept, you will see a check mark next to their name in your Family & Friends list and you can then share the vacation planning activities in My Disney Experience. If you wish to modify what information you are sharing with other people, you can change your Family & Friends viewing permissions,  for each individual Guest by selecting the “Edit” button next to someone’s name in your Family & Friends list.View your Family & Friends list,  to invite someone to connect with you. You must sign in to My Disney Experience to view or modify your Family & Friends.
How is my information shared with the people on My Family & Friends list on disneyworld.com or the My Disney Experience app?
Each person in your Family & Friends list,  can view your full name and age on disneyworld.com or the My Disney Experience app, . People who are over 18 years of age are shown as “Age 18+”. Your contact and payment information will not be visible to people on your Family & Friends list.Depending on your settings, people connected to your Family & Friends list may also be able to see the following.My Plans, Depending on how you set permissions for each person, people connected to your Family & Friends list will be able to see all of your plans—like dining reservations, and reminders—or only view plans you have in common. The default setting is “All My Plans”.To change what plans you are sharing with someone on your Family & Friends list, , go to your Family & Friends list, select the person and select either “All My Plans” or “Only Plans We Share”.Family & Friends List, If you share your Family & Friends list, people on the list are able to see your list and invite each other to connect.To make your Family & Friends list private, go to your Family & Friends list, , select yourself and select the “Make List Private” button.Resort Hotel Reservations, People connected to your Family & Friends list who are also on your Resort hotel reservation can see your reservation information. If they are 18 years of age or older, they can view the remaining balance and make a payment.To remove someone from your reservation, please call (407) 939-1936.Disney PhotoPass Photos, People connected to your Family & Friends list can view and purchase your PhotoPass photos, videos and other digital content.To stop sharing photos with someone on your Family & Friends list, go to your Family & Friends list, , select the person and uncheck “My Disney PhotoPass Photos”.Stop Sharing All Information, If you no longer wish to share any plans or photos with someone, you can remove the person from your Family & Friends list.To remove someone from your Family & Friends list, go to your Family & Friends list, , select the person and select “Remove from This List”.
In My Disney Experience, how can multiple adults or teens make plans for a child?
In the Family & Friends,  section of My Disney Experience, , you can create a profile for a child under age 13 simply by entering the name and age. The person who creates a child’s profile will manage the profile and all the plans for that child. The child’s profile cannot be transferred to another person to manage.Only create one profile per child. Creating multiple profiles for an individual may result in issues accessing travel plans and redeeming FastPass+ selections.Any Guest age 13 and older who does not have a Disney account may create an account at any time. If you make plans on behalf of a Guest who later creates a Disney account, be sure to invite that Guest to connect with you in Family & Friends using his or her Disney account email. This allows the plans you’ve made to migrate to the other Guest’s account.Learn more about Family & Friends
I invited someone to connect to my Family & Friends list in My Disney Experience. What does the connection status of “Invite Pending” mean?
When you invite a new person to connect to your Family & Friends list,  in My Disney Experience, , they are sent an email message asking them to accept or decline your invitation. Until they respond, their status will be shown as “Invite Pending”.In most cases, all you need to do is wait. If your connection request is declined, the connection status will be shown as "Invitation Declined".If you wish to resend your invitation, select the “Invite Pending” link next to their name on your Family & Friends list.Of course, you can also call or email the person you are trying to connect to and ask them to respond to your invitation. For security reasons, we cannot provide alternative ways to contact people you invite. , If your request was declined and you believe that it should not have been, please double check the email address of the person you are inviting and confirm that it is correct. Also, keep in mind that children are unable to accept invitations to connect—their parents or guardians must do so for them.If you have repeatedly tried to connect to someone, and you are unable to do so for what you believe are technical reasons, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. 
How do I remove someone from my Family & Friends list?
To remove someone from your Family & Friends list, please follow these instructions:View your Family & Friends list in My Disney Experience. , Locate the person that you wish to remove on the list and press the “Edit” button. , You will see a page with details about the person that you wish to remove. Press the “Remove” button. , A pop-up message will appear and ask you to confirm that you wish to remove the person. Press the “Remove” button. , The above instructions will work if you are removing an adult with a separate Disney account. If you added someone to your Family & Friends list and that person does not have a separate account—for example, a young child—follow these instructions to permanently delete the person:View your Family & Friends list in My Disney Experience. , Locate the person that you wish to delete on the list and press the “Edit” button. , You will see a page with details about the person that you wish to delete. Press the “Delete” button. , A pop-up message will appear and ask you to confirm that you wish to permanently delete the person. Press the “Delete” button.Once you remove or delete someone from your Family & Friends list, you cannot undo this action. However, if they have a separate Disney account, you can request to reconnect them to your Friends & Family list.You cannot delete Guests on your Family & Friends list who have active entitlements—such as Disney dining plans. If you encounter a situation where you wish to remove or delete someone and you are unable to do so, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
The words "View Only Shared Activities" appears next to one of my Family & Friends in My Disney Experience. What does this mean? 
"View Only Shared Activities" means that the permissions for that person are set so that they can only view activities you both share—including dining reservations.If you wish for a member of your Family & Friends to view all of your activities, regardless if they are involved in them, visit Family & Friends, , select the “Edit” button next to their name and change their “Plan and Share” permission to "View All Activities".
I am an Annual Passholder with a MagicBand and I have a reservation at a Disney Resort hotel. Can I get another MagicBand?
You are eligible to receive a new MagicBand,  by staying at a Disney Resort hotel with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 or purchasing one or you can customize and order a new MagicBand.If you like your current MagicBand, you can continue to use it along with your new MagicBand.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.Getting multiple MagicBands or cards does not give you multiple entitlements, such as park admission. Also, once a MagicBand or card is linked to a person, it cannot be transferred to another person. , If you have multiple MagicBands or cards, you can manage which MagicBands and Cards are active in My Profile, . Don’t see your MagicBand? You may need to link your Resort hotel reservation, link your Annual Pass,  or link the MagicBand,  to your Disney account.
Why am I required to confirm the shipping address for my MagicBand?
We want to make sure that your MagicBands,  are shipped to the correct address, so we ask you to take a second look to ensure that your address is correct. Please note that MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.If you have not yet done so, customize your MagicBand.
I am an Annual Passholder with a MagicBand and an annual pass card. What should I bring to the Walt Disney World theme parks?
Please bring your MagicBand, , annual pass card and a valid photo ID—such as a driver’s license or passport.Your MagicBand can be used for theme park admission.Your annual pass card enables you to access your Passholder entitlements—including theme park admission, food and merchandise discounts and complimentary standard theme park parking, if your pass includes parking. The pass card must be presented—along with a photo ID—at the time of purchase, when you book and when you redeem any Passholder offer.Learn more about annual passes,  or purchase a new pass.
When is the deadline for customizing my MagicBand?
If you customize your MagicBand,  with your name and favorite color as soon as possible after making your Disney Resort hotel,  reservation:If you customize your MagicBand,  at least 11 days before you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel, it will be shipped to your home.If you customize your MagicBand between 10 days and 6 days before you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel, you will receive it when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.If you do not customize your MagicBand until 5 days or less before your arrival, you will receive a non-customized MagicBand when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.MagicBands use Radio Frequency (RF) technology and can be read by short and long-range readers located at the Walt Disney World Resort. If you prefer to use a card—which cannot be detected by long-range readers—you can request a card at your Disney Resort hotel. MagicBands and cards allow you to enter the parks, unlock Disney Resort hotel rooms and use FastPass+ service.When you customize your MagicBand, the printed name appears on the inside for your privacy.Learn about our privacy and data collection policies and the Radio Frequency (RF) technology used in MagicBands.
My MagicBand has been shipped. How long should it take to reach me?
MagicBand,  fulfillment and shipping should take about 11 days. However, it could be a few days more or less depending on factors such as holidays, weekends and inclement weather.If your MagicBands have not arrived and your visit to Walt Disney World Resort starts within 6 days, please contact us.Don’t worry! If you do not receive your MagicBands before you have to travel to Walt Disney World Resort, you will be provided with MagicBands or cards when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.If you have not yet done so, customize your MagicBand.
Can I reuse my MagicBand or card the next time I visit Walt Disney World Resort?
Yes. If you have a MagicBand or card that you like, and it is in working condition, you can continue to use it when you return to Walt Disney World Resort.If you have multiple MagicBands or cards, you can manage which ones are active in the MagicBand section of My Profile.
How do I use my MagicBand?
Most of the time, all you need to do is touch your MagicBand against a sensor called a touch point. It’s that easy!, Your MagicBand enables you to travel lighter throughout your vacation. Use it to enter the parks, unlock your Disney Resort hotel room and buy food and merchandise. Plus, your MagicBand gives you FastPass+,  access to all the experiences you’ve selected online, so you can simply concentrate on enjoying the fun with the people you care about.MagicBands can also be read by long-range readers to deliver amazing personalized experiences, as well as provide information that helps us improve the overall experience in our Resort. You don’t have to do anything beyond being nearby to interact with long-range readers. They just work—like magic! , In addition to touching your MagicBand or card to a touch point, you will be required to enter a PIN code to uniquely identify yourself when making purchases. To enter the parks, you will be required to provide biometric identification or show a photo ID that matches the name identified with your ticket. This process helps to ensure that you, and only you, have access to the entitlements linked to your MagicBand or card.MagicBands are always operational. They don’t have an on/off switch. If you lose a MagicBand, you can deactivate it on My Disney Experience, , and it will no longer be linked to your tickets and other entitlements.MagicBands use Radio Frequency (RF) technology and can be read by short and long-range readers located at the Walt Disney World Resort. If you prefer to use a card—which cannot be detected by long-range readers—you can request a card at your Disney Resort hotel.Please note: valid theme park admission is required to use FastPass+ service. In addition, any Guest who wishes to use their MagicBand to purchase an alcoholic beverage at Walt Disney World Resort must also present a valid form of identification.Learn about our privacy and data collection policies and the Radio Frequency (RF) technology used in MagicBands.
I do not live in the United States. Will you ship my MagicBand internationally?
Unfortunately, MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries. When you customize your MagicBand, you’ll be asked to provide a shipping address. If, during this process, you discover that we do not ship to your country—but you plan on staying at a Disney Resort hotel, —your MagicBand will automatically be waiting for you at the Front Desk when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel. Likewise, you can also arrange to have your MagicBand sent to a non-Disney Resort hotel with a valid shipping address prior to the start of your vacation.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.If you are a Passholder with an address where we do not ship, we ask that you provide us with an address where we can send your MagicBand at least 11 days before you plan to visit Walt Disney World Resort.If you have not yet done so, customize your MagicBand.
I purchased a MagicBand online or at a retail location. How do I link it to my Disney account so that I can use it?
If you purchased your MagicBand online at shopDisney,  or at a retail location, please follow these steps to link it to your Disney account:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your MagicBand,  to your Disney account.To use your MagicBand with FastPass+ service, , both your MagicBand and valid theme park admission must be linked to your Disney account. If you have not already done so, please link your ticket, Annual Pass or package,  to your Disney account.
What should I do if I lose my MagicBand or card?
If you can access disneyworld.com, please visit the MagicBand section of My Profile,  and select the MagicBand or card you wish to deactivate. Then, when asked for the reason why you are deactivating, indicate that the MagicBand or card is lost. You can also deactivate a MagicBand by using the My Disney Experience mobile app.If you have another MagicBand or card available, you can activate it on the MagicBand section of My Profile.In the event that you lose your MagicBand or card while staying at Walt Disney World Resort, please visit Guest Relations,  or your Disney Resort hotel,  Lobby Concierge and we will deactivate it for you.Please note: On occasion, we may be able to provide you with a replacement MagicBand. However, replacement MagicBands are provided on a case-by-case basis and may be subject to a fee. In addition, limited-edition and specialty MagicBands cannot be replaced.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.Finally, If you’ve lost your MagicBand or card and your visit is still more than 11 days away, please contact us,  for assistance.Learn more about MagicBands.
My MagicBands did not arrive. What should I do?
If MagicBands have been shipped to you, fulfillment and shipping takes about 11 days, it might take a few days more or less depending on factors such as holidays, weekends and inclement weather.If MagicBands have been shipped to you, and they have not arrived and your visit to Walt Disney World Resort starts within 3 days, please contact us.If you do not receive your MagicBands before you travel to Walt Disney World Resort, you will be provided with MagicBands or cards when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.If you have not yet done so, customize your MagicBand.
How do I use my MagicBand or card when I have a FastPass+ arrival time at an attraction or entertainment experience?
As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the FastPass+ service must be suspended as we plan to use additional queue space to control capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing. We will automatically cancel existing FastPass+ selections and share any future updates on the service at a later date.It’s so easy that you’ll think it’s magic!, When you arrive during your scheduled FastPass+,  arrival time, all you need to do is proceed to the FASTPASS queue entrance and touch your MagicBand or card to a sensor called a touch point.That’s it!, Please remember that each member of your party will have to individually touch their MagicBand or card to the touch point, so everyone should be sure to have their MagicBand or card available.Reserve access to FastPass+ attractions and entertainment.
I recently purchased an annual pass on disneyworld.com and have an exchange certificate. How do I customize and order my MagicBand?
If you have not already done so, please follow these steps to have your MagicBand shipped to your home:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your annual pass or passes to your Disney account, . Your pass may have been linked automatically when you purchased it on disneyworld.com.If you are an Annual Passholder, you may activate your pass at any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations,  location. Please bring your exchange certificate and a valid, government-issued photo ID, such as a driver's license or passport. Once your pass is activated upon first admittance into the theme parks, your MagicBand order will display in your Disney account.To order your MagicBands at pre-arrival prices, visit My MagicBands and Cards, . Remember to place your order at least 11 days before your arrival if you would like your MagicBands shipped to your home and at least 6 days before your arrival to have them shipped to your Resort hotel.Please note that one complimentary MagicBand will be available per each linked annual pass, and that MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.When you customize your MagicBand, the printed name appears on the inside for your privacy. Additionally, MagicBands that you purchase in the park or Disney Springs area will not have printed names, but you can select your preferred design or color.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
My MagicBand or card does not work properly. What should I do?
If you are experiencing technical issues with your MagicBand,  or card—for example, if it is not recognized by a touch point—please ask the nearest Cast Member for assistance. If they are unable to correct the situation, please visit Guest Relations, , talk to a Disney Resort hotel,  Lobby Concierge or contact us.We will make sure to either get your MagicBand or card in proper working order or provide you with a replacement, so that you can continue to enjoy your visit to Walt Disney World Resort.Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.
Are MagicBands waterproof?
Yes. MagicBands,  are waterproof so you don’t have to worry about protecting them from water exposure when you visit the Disney water parks, enjoy water attractions,  at the Disney theme parks, swim at the pool at your Disney Resort hotel,  or get caught outside in the rain.Valid theme park admission is required to use FastPass+ service.
Can I have multiple active MagicBands or cards?
Yes. If you have multiple MagicBands,  or cards linked to your Disney account, you can continue to use as many as your wrists and pockets can carry.However, getting multiple MagicBands or cards does not give you multiple entitlements, such as additional park admission. Also, once a MagicBand or card is linked to a person, it cannot be transferred to another person.You have the ability to manage which MagicBands and cards are active in My Profile, . Don’t see your MagicBand? You may need to link your Resort hotel reservation, link your Annual Pass,  or link the MagicBand,  to your Disney account.
I have multiple MagicBands or cards. How do I manage them?
You manage your MagicBands or cards in the MagicBand section of My Profile, . For example, you are able to:Activate or deactivate MagicBands or cards, Report a MagicBand or card as lost, Customize MagicBands before they are shipped, Multiple MagicBands or cards can be assigned to a single person, so activating a new MagicBand or card does not mean that you must deactivate an existing MagicBand or card. All active MagicBands or cards assigned to a person have access to the benefits and entitlements for that person. Adding a new MagicBand or card does not add new entitlements, such as additional theme park admissions.If you require additional assistance managing your MagicBands or cards, please contact us,  or visit any Guest Relations,  location at Walt Disney World Resort.
I have multiple Disney Resort hotel reservations. Will I receive multiple MagicBands?
If your arrival date is before December 31, 2020, you will receive a new MagicBand,  for every stay at a Disney Resort hotel,  and you can continue to use all of your active MagicBands. However, getting multiple MagicBands or cards does not give you multiple entitlements, such as additional FastPass+,  selections or park admission. Also, once a MagicBand or card is linked to a person, it cannot be transferred to another person.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.If you have multiple MagicBands or cards, you can manage which MagicBands and Cards are active in My Profile, . Don’t see your MagicBand? You may need to link your Resort hotel reservation, link your Annual Pass,  or link the MagicBand,  to your Disney account.
I am an Annual Passholder and my MagicBand did not arrive as scheduled or I forgot to bring it with me. What should I do?
Don’t worry, if your MagicBand,  did not arrive as scheduled or you did not bring it with you, you can still enjoy the Walt Disney World theme parks.Your Passholder card—with a photo ID—remains valid for theme park entry until it expires. You can use your MagicBand when you come back the next time!, If you do not have either your MagicBand or your Passholder card, please visit Guest Relations for assistance. Present a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport, to confirm your identity.Learn what to do if you believe that your MagicBand shipment was accidentally lost.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What happens if I don’t customize my MagicBand?
Please note: As a result of the COVID-19 impact, FastPass+ service must be suspended for the time being, as we plan to use additional queue space to manage capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing.If you are staying at a Disney Resort hotel with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 and you don't customize a MagicBand,  with your name and favorite color within 6 days of your visit, you will be provided with a non-customized MagicBand or card when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.A MagicBand or card both allow you to enter the parks, unlock your Disney Resort hotel room and buy food and merchandise. Plus, your MagicBand or card gives you FastPass+,  access to all the experiences you’ve selected, so you can simply concentrate on enjoying the fun with the people you care about.Customizing your MagicBand is fun and easy, plus it’s a great way to differentiate your MagicBand from other members of your travel party. You may also like to know that the printed name appears on the inside of the MagicBand for your privacy.Valid theme park admission is required to use FastPass+ service.Learn more about MagicBands.
I am an Annual Passholder who is not currently a Guest of a Disney Resort hotel. Can I use my MagicBand to make purchases?
No. At this time, only Guests who are currently registered Guests at a Disney Resort hotel,  are able to use a MagicBand,  to charge purchases to their room—if they link the MagicBand to a credit card during check-in.However, your MagicBand allows you to enter the parks with your Annual Pass admission and link Disney PhotoPass,  photos to your Disney account.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I am an Annual Passholder. Can I pick up my MagicBand the next time I visit Walt Disney World Resort?
Unfortunately, we are not able to provide Passholders with their MagicBands when they arrive at Walt Disney World Resort. However, getting your new MagicBand is easy! Just follow these simple steps:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your annual pass or passes to your Disney account, . Your pass may have been linked automatically when you purchased it on disneyworld.com.Activate your pass at any Walt Disney World theme park ticket window or Disney Springs Guest Relations,  location. Please bring your exchange certificate and a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.Use your annual pass to enter a Walt Disney World theme park or water park.Customize your MagicBand.Once you have completed steps 1 through 5, your MagicBand will be delivered directly to your home. If you would like to use your MagicBand during your next Walt Disney World vacation, please be sure to complete these steps at least 11 days prior to your visit.If it is within 11 days of your next theme park visit or your MagicBand did not arrive as scheduled, you can still enjoy the Walt Disney World theme parks. Your Passholder card—with a photo ID—remains valid for theme park entry until it expires. You can use your new MagicBand when you come back the next time!, MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
I have a Disney Premier Passport. Do I receive a MagicBand?
If you have a Disney Premier Passport, , please follow these simple steps at least 11 days before you plan to visit Walt Disney World Resort and your MagicBand,  will be delivered straight to your home:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Disney Premier Passport to your Disney account, , if you have not already done so.Customize your MagicBand.Please continue to bring your Disney Premier Passport to both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort. You will need the Disney Premier Passport for admission to Disneyland Resort theme parks and for your Passholder discounts at both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort.MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.For more information, please call (407) WDW-PASS or (407) 939-7277—or use the Annual Passholder Help Form,  to email our dedicated Help Team with any questions you may have about your annual pass. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How much does a MagicBand cost?
Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond. Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.If you want to purchase a MagicBand, they are available starting at $14.99 plus tax. Explore the variety of styles and designs offered online or at select retail locations at Walt Disney World Resort and beyond.Guests with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 can choose to upgrade their MagicBand at a special pre-arrival price—starting at $10 each.Learn more about MagicBands.
How can I get a MagicBand?
MagicBands,  are available to Walt Disney World Annual Passholders,  and Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.Guests can purchase a MagicBand:Online at shopDisney, Select Walt Disney World theme park and Resort hotel retail locations, Select Disney Springs retail locations, Other select merchandise and retail locations, MagicBands use Radio Frequency (RF) technology and can be read by short and long-range readers located at the Walt Disney World Resort. If you prefer to use a card—which cannot be detected by long-range readers—you can request a card at your Disney Resort hotel. MagicBands are not included with Water Parks Annual Passes. MagicBands and cards allow you to enter the parks, and unlock Disney Resort hotel rooms.Learn about our privacy and data collection policies and the Radio Frequency (RF) technology used in MagicBands.
How do I make purchases using my MagicBand?
If you’re staying at a Disney Resort hotel, , you can charge purchases to your room by touching your MagicBand or card against a sensor called a touch point and entering a PIN code to uniquely identify yourself. You self-select your PIN upon check-in at your Walt Disney World Resort hotel.Hungry for a snack? Want a souvenir? Use your MagicBand to charge these purchases at a Walt Disney World theme park to your Disney Resort hotel room. Plus, with valid theme park admission, use your MagicBand to check in at FastPass+ entrances and enjoy fun with the people you care about.If you haven’t yet, customize your MagicBand.
I did not receive a MagicBand from a Disney Resort hotel reservation or from an Annual Pass. Can I purchase a MagicBand?
Yes. You can purchase a MagicBand:Online at shopDisney, Select Walt Disney World theme park and Resort hotel retail locations, Select Disney Springs retail locations, Other select merchandise and retail locations, Link a MagicBand,  or link a theme park ticket,  to your Disney account.
I received my MagicBands, and there is something wrong with them. What should I do?
If there is something wrong with your MagicBands, —for example if your MagicBands are the wrong color or they are visibly broken—please contact us.Don’t worry! We’ll try to correct your issue as soon as possible and send you a replacement if necessary. If we cannot replace your MagicBands before you travel to Walt Disney World Resort, you will be provided with MagicBands or cards when you arrive at your Disney Resort hotel.Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.If you have not yet done so, customize your MagicBand.Starting in 2021, we plan to unveil an innovative new offering as part of the My Disney Experience app that will bring features of a MagicBand to your smart devices. With this new offering, MagicBands will no longer be provided on a complimentary basis with new Disney Resort hotel reservations for Guests with arrivals beginning Jan. 1, 2021 and beyond.Guests staying at Disney Resort hotels with an arrival date through December 31, 2020 will receive complimentary MagicBands.
Can I use my MagicBand with special event tickets?
Yes. Your MagicBand can access special event tickets linked to your Disney account.Special events, such as Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party,  and Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party, , can sell out quickly. Due to their popularity, we suggest that when you are planning your vacation to Walt Disney World Resort, you purchase tickets to events in advance.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
Can other people use my MagicBand or card?
No. Your MagicBand,  or card is unique to you and only you are authorized to access the benefits associated with it—including linked tickets, FastPass+ experiences, touch-to-pay purchases and other entitlements. Once a MagicBand or card is linked to your Disney account, it cannot be transferred to another person.In addition to touching your MagicBand or card to a touch point, you will be required to scan a finger to enter the parks or enter a PIN code to uniquely identify yourself when making purchases. This process helps to ensure that you, and only you, have access to the entitlements linked to your MagicBand or card.Please Check Our Property Rules, We ask that you review our Walt Disney World Resort property rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our property rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at Walt Disney World Resort.If you have questions, please contact us.
What is a MagicBand?
Please note: As a result of the COVID-19 impact, FastPass+ service must be suspended for the time being, as we plan to use additional queue space to manage capacity at our attractions and maintain physical distancing.Tap into the magic with your MagicBand,  on your wrist. This colorful wristband is actually an all-in-one device that effortlessly connects you to all the vacation choices you made with My Disney Experience.Your MagicBand enables you to travel lighter throughout your vacation. Use it to enter the parks, unlock your Disney Resort hotel room and buy food and merchandise. Plus, your MagicBand gives you FastPass+,  access to all the experiences you’ve selected online, so you can simply concentrate on enjoying the fun with the people you care about.MagicBands add a touch of magic to your vacation by unlocking special surprises, personalized just for you, throughout the Walt Disney World Resort. Once you’ve linked your MagicBand, , you don’t need to do anything different. Your MagicBand and My Disney Experience profile will do the rest, creating unexpected Disney moments–just like magic.And, each of these magical moments will be transformed into a one-of-a-kind digital keepsake by Disney PhotoPass Service, . All you have to do is go to your PhotoPass account to see all the memories we’ve captured and created for you.Valid theme park admission is required to use FastPass+ service.Learn about our privacy and data collection policies and the Radio Frequency (RF) technology used in MagicBands.
How do I tell our MagicBands apart from each other?
Customized MagicBands,  can have different colors and art styles. If 2 or more have an identical color, look for a printed name or number on the inside of each MagicBand.In the MagicBand section of My Profile,  you can see the color and number of each person’s MagicBand. Only MagicBands that you manage will appear, so you may have to ask other people you are traveling with to sign in and view their MagicBands.If you still can’t tell your MagicBands apart, please visit any Guest Relations,  location, talk to a Disney Resort hotel,  Lobby Concierge or contact us.MagicBands that you purchase in the park or Disney Springs will not have printed names, but you can select your preferred color.If you have not yet done so, customize your MagicBand.
How do I view or download photos that I linked to my Disney account with my MagicBand?
Once you’ve linked your MagicBand to your My Disney Experience account, you can view your Disney PhotoPass pictures here.Be sure to link any MagicBands or cards, —including Memory Maker,  cards and Disney PhotoPass cards, —that you’ve used, while on your Walt Disney World vacation and at select Disney PhotoPass attraction and dining locations.Disney PhotoPass Service,  is the picture-perfect way to capture and share your magical vacation memories in great photos. Photographers are conveniently located around many of the most famous Disney icons, at most Disney Character meet-and-greet locations and even special Character dining locations.You can also purchase Memory Maker,  to gather photos of everyone,  in your travel party. Memory Maker includes all your Disney PhotoPass photos taken throughout the Walt Disney World Resort for one price, including select attraction and dining photos.
I have a Water Park After 2 Annual Pass. Do I receive a MagicBand?
No. Having a Water Park After 2 Annual Pass does not make you eligible to receive a MagicBand.However, if you already have a MagicBand—perhaps through a reservation at a Disney Resort hotel, —and both the MagicBand and unexpired Annual Pass are linked to your Disney account, , you are able to use the MagicBand to access the admission benefits of your Annual Pass to enter the Disney Water Parks.If you have not already received a new RF-enabled Water Park After 2 Annual Pass, you may need to exchange your older pass for a new card at the Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon Water Park,  or Disney’s Blizzard Beach Water Park,  ticket window.
Are you installing automatic cameras at character greetings?
We will be installing cameras at nine character greeting locations that will be in use beginning in early 2019. Multiple cameras will capture numerous memorable moments during a character interaction, allowing guests to choose from a wider variety of character photos.While Disney PhotoPass,  Cast Members will no longer capture photography at these nine locations, photographers will continue to support the more than 100 other Disney PhotoPass,  locations across our parks so that they can use their creativity to take personalized photos for our Guests.
I purchased Memory Maker. When can I begin downloading my photos?
With the My Disney Experience Mobile App,  or by visiting Disney PhotoPass, , you can begin downloading your Memory Maker photos as soon as they are available in your Disney account—or you can wait until you get home and download them all at once.Either way, you can download your photos as many times as you like until they expire—currently 45 days after the date the photo was taken.If you purchased Memory Maker at the advance purchase price, photos taken within 3 days of the date of purchase will not be included in Memory Maker and must be purchased separately.View your Memory Maker photos.
Can "friends of friends"—people connected to people in my Family & Friends list—also see my Disney PhotoPass photos?
No. Only Guests in your Family & Friends list,  who you have allowed access may view your Disney PhotoPass photos,  online at Disney PhotoPass,  or on the My Disney Experience Mobile App.To allow others to view the images in your Disney PhotoPass account, sign in to your Disney account and set photo sharing permissions using your Family & Friends list, . On your Family & Friends list, locate the Guest you want to share your photos with and select “Edit” to access the photo sharing control.Learn more about Disney PhotoPass.
I used my Disney PhotoPass photos to create gift products on the EZ Prints website. What should I do if I have a question or if there is a problem with my order?
Please call EZ Prints at (877) 651-4321 or visit their customer service webpage,  for all inquiries.
Why are some images missing from my Disney PhotoPass gallery when I view it on the EZ Prints website?
Certain properties and Characters that might be photographed at Walt Disney World Resort (such as Star Wars locations or Marvel Super Heroes) are protected by licensing arrangements that limit Disney’s ability to transfer certain images to a third party, such as EZ Prints. However, if you purchase and download your Disney PhotoPass photos from your Disney account, you will be able to print, share and create gift products with them for your personal use. For more details, see the Limited License referenced in the PhotoPass Terms and Conditions.
Does my Memory Maker purchase allow me to download photos linked to my family and friends?
Yes. You can download photos and videos from up to 25 members of your Family & Friends list,  that share photos taken during your Memory Maker,  window.Your Memory Maker window starts once you capture your first photo—or if you purchased Memory Maker at the advance purchase price, the Memory Maker window begins 3 days following the date Memory Maker was purchased—and ends 30 days following your first photo download or when you otherwise redeem your Memory Maker purchase.To view and download your Family & Friends’ photos, please ask them to sign in to their Disney account and set photo sharing permissions using your Family & Friends list, . On their Family & Friends list, they can locate the Guest they want to share photos with and select “Edit” to access the photo sharing control.Once the photos have been shared, you will be able to view, purchase and download them along with your Disney PhotoPass photos on Disney PhotoPass,  and on the My Disney Experience Mobile App.Also, if you there are more than 25 members of your Family & Friends list sharing images, you will need assistance to be able to share, view and download photos and videos from all of them at one time. Contact Disney PhotoPass Guest Support,  at (407) 560-4300 for these and any issues regarding missing photos. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Photo sharing rules are subject to change.
Do the people on my Family & Friends list need to purchase Memory Maker to view my Disney PhotoPass photos?
No. You are free to share your photos on Disney PhotoPass,  and through the My Disney Experience Mobile App, —a Memory Maker purchase is not required for people on Family & Friends list,  to view your photos.Photo sharing is set one person at a time, so you control who is able to view the images linked to your Disney account. Guests who you allow to view your photos will also have the option to purchase prints, digital downloads or keepsakes of any of your photos.To allow others to view the photos linked to your Disney account, set photo sharing permissions using your Family & Friends list, . On your Family & Friends list, locate the Guest you want to share your photos with and select “Edit” to access the photo sharing control.If someone is not on your Family & Friends list and you do not wish to add them, you can also invite people to view your photos through email or Facebook.Learn more about Memory Maker.
What should I do if photos from members of my Family & Friends list are missing from my Disney PhotoPass gallery?
There are a few reasons you may be unable to see photos taken by someone on your Family & Friends list in your gallery.First, verify that this person has accepted your invitation to join your Family & Friends list. If so, confirm that they have enabled "Share My Disney PhotoPass Photos.”, Also, if there are more than 25 members of your Family & Friends list sharing images, you will need assistance to be able to share, view and download photos and videos from all of them at one time.Contact Disney PhotoPass Guest Support,  at (407) 560-4300 for these and any issues regarding missing photos. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How do I link an attraction photo to my Disney account so that I am able to download it with my Memory Maker purchase?
Immediately after enjoying a participating attraction, visit the attraction’s Sales Center to link the photo by using any MagicBand or card, , Memory Maker card or Disney PhotoPass Card associated with your Disney account.You may also view and download attraction photos from up to 25 members of your Family & Friends list who share photos with you during your Memory Maker window. Once you’ve linked your photo, you can view, download and share your memories on Disney PhotoPass,  and on the My Disney Experience Mobile App.Learn more about Memory Maker.
I purchased Memory Maker after I took Disney PhotoPass photos. Will these photos be available for download as part of my Memory Maker purchase?
Photos that are linked to your Disney account—and have not expired—are included in your Memory Maker,  entitlement if you purchased Memory Maker at the regular purchase price. However, if you purchased Memory Maker at the advance purchase price, any photos taken within 3 days of the date of purchase are not included.See a photo you love—but it’s not eligible for download with Memory Maker? All available Disney PhotoPass photos are available for purchase as downloads or on a variety of unique photo gift and print products. Additional fees apply.View your Disney PhotoPass photos.
What is Memory Maker?
Memory Maker is an incredible new way to enjoy unlimited digital Disney PhotoPass,  photos captured at hundreds of locations throughout Walt Disney World Resort—including select attraction and dining locations. The photos are conveniently connected to your online Disney account with a touch of your MagicBand or card.You can conveniently view, download and share your Disney PhotoPass memories on Disney PhotoPass,  and on the My Disney Experience Mobile App.There’s no need to purchase each photo individually. You can simply enjoy your vacation knowing that your memories are being captured for you.Learn more about Memory Maker.Memory Maker includes photos taken during the Memory Maker window and linked to the Memory Maker Guest’s Disney account. Photos will expire pursuant to the expiration policy, . If Memory Maker is purchased at the advance purchase price, any photos taken within 3 days from the date Memory Maker is purchased will not be included and must be purchased separately. Not responsible for missing, lost or damaged photos. Subject to Memory Maker terms and conditions.
Some of my Disney PhotoPass photos are missing from my Disney account. What should I do?
Please link all of the MagicBands or cards,  that you may have used at Disney PhotoPass locations—including your annual pass, park ticket Memory Maker,  and Disney PhotoPass cards.If you still don’t see your photos, report a missing photo online,  or contact the Disney PhotoPass Guest Support team by calling (407) 560-4300.Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.View your Disney PhotoPass photos,  or with the My Disney Experience app.
How long will Memory Maker photos be available in my Disney account?
Disney PhotoPass photos, photos from select dining locations, photos from select attractions and any other media in your account are subject to the Disney PhotoPass Expiration Policy,  and currently expire 45 days from the date the photo was taken.You may be able to purchase an expiration extension on the Disney PhotoPass website.View your Disney PhotoPass photos.
How do I download my Memory Maker photos?
You can view your photos on Disney PhotoPass,  and on the My Disney Experience Mobile App!, Select your favorites and add them to your cart. Visit My Downloads,  and download as many photos—as many times—as you wish.You can download your Memory Maker photos right away through Disney PhotoPass,  and on the My Disney Experience app, —or you can wait until you get home and download them all at once.If you purchased Memory Maker in the park, you may need to link Memory Maker to your Disney account,  before you can begin downloading photos. You may also need to link any MagicBands or cards,  that you used at the Disney PhotoPass locations to view and download your photos.Learn more about Memory Maker.
I’ve purchased Memory Maker, taken photos at Walt Disney World Resort and linked them to my Disney account. How do I share my photos with other people? 
If you are the Guest who is assigned Memory Maker, you are able to download the photos on Disney PhotoPass,  and on the My Disney Experience Mobile App,  (with a limited license for personal, non-commercial use) at no additional cost. Once you’ve downloaded your photos to your computer or mobile device, you are free to share them however you wish—including by printing them at home, over email or through popular social media services like Facebook and Twitter.In addition, if you have connected with people through your Family & Friends list,  and shared photos with them, they can view your photos until the photos expire. To allow others to view the photos linked to your Disney account, visit your Family & Friends list, . On your Family & Friends list, locate the Guest you want to share your photos with and select “Edit” to access the photo sharing control.If someone is not on your Family & Friends list and you do not wish to add them, you can also invite people to view your photos through email.Learn more about Memory Maker.
How do I view my Memory Maker photos?
You can view your photos on Disney PhotoPass,  and on the My Disney Experience Mobile App!, If you purchased Memory Maker in the park, you may need to link Memory Maker to your Disney account,  before you can begin downloading photos. You may also need to link any MagicBands or cards,  that you used at the Disney PhotoPass locations to view and download your photos.If you purchased Memory Maker at the advance purchase price, photos taken within 3 days of the date of purchase will not be included in Memory Maker and must be purchased separately.Learn more about Memory Maker.
Does Memory Maker include any physical photo prints or products?
Memory Maker,  is a digital-only entitlement. You can visit the Disney PhotoPass website,  to purchase prints, Disney Photo Gifts and other products using your Disney PhotoPass photos.
I have purchased Memory Maker. How do I manage which member of my group it is assigned to?
Before you download any photo or otherwise redeem your Memory Maker purchase, you can reassign the Memory Maker,  entitlement to any person who has a Disney account and who is connected to your Family & Friends list, . Once assigned, that individual will become the owner of the entitlement.To reassign Memory Maker, locate your Memory Maker in My Reservations,  in My Disney Experience,  and select the “Reassign” link.If you do not see Memory Maker in My Reservations, you may need to first link it to your Disney account.
Can I let other people view my Disney PhotoPass photos online?
Yes. Through Disney PhotoPass,  and the My Disney Experience Mobile App,  you may allow anyone who is connected to your Family & Friends list,  to view your photos. Photo sharing is set one person at a time, so you control who is able to view all the Disney PhotoPass photos,  connected to your Disney account. Guests who you allow to view your photos will also have the option to purchase prints, digital downloads or keepsakes of any of your photos.To allow others to view the images in your Disney PhotoPass account, sign in to your Disney account online at MyDisneyPhotoPass.com,  or on the My Disney Experience App,  and set photo sharing permissions using your Family & Friends list, . On your Family & Friends list, locate the Guest you want to share your photos with and select “Edit” to access the photo sharing control.If someone is not on your Family & Friends list and you do not wish to add them, you can also invite people to view your photos through email or Facebook.Learn more about Disney PhotoPass.
Can I restrict the people who can view my Memory Maker photos?
Yes. Photo sharing is set one person at a time, so you control who is able to view the images linked to your Disney account on Disney PhotoPass,  and the My Disney Experience Mobile App, . Guests who you allow to view your photos will also have the option to purchase prints, digital downloads, Disney Photo Gifts and other products using your Disney PhotoPass photos.To restrict others from viewing the photos linked to your Disney account, set photo sharing permissions using your Family & Friends list, . On your Family & Friends list, locate the Guest you want to share your photos with and select “Edit” to access the photo sharing control.Learn more about Memory Maker.
How do I change or disable the sharing settings that allow someone else to view my Disney PhotoPass photos?
You may change your photo sharing permissions at any time. Sign in to your Disney account on Disney PhotoPass,  or through the My Disney Experience Mobile App,  and view your Family & Friends list,  to change sharing permissions for individual Guests. On your Family & Friends list, locate the Guest you want to share your photos with and select “Edit” to access the photo sharing control.Learn more about Disney PhotoPass.
How do I start using Memory Maker?
If you are already at Walt Disney World Resort, all you need to do is enjoy the moment and have fun. When you see a Disney PhotoPass,  location—or select attraction and dining locations—simply ask the photographer or Cast Member to link the photos to your Disney account with a touch of your MagicBand or card, —including Memory Maker cards and Disney PhotoPass Cards.Through Disney PhotoPass,  and the My Disney Experience Mobile App, , you can download your Memory Maker photos right away or you can wait until you get home and download them all at once.If you purchased Memory Maker at the advance purchase price, photos taken within 3 days of the date of purchase will not be included in Memory Maker and must be purchased separately.If you purchased Memory Maker in the park, you may need to link Memory Maker to your Disney account,  before you can begin downloading photos. You may also need to link any MagicBands or cards,  that you used at the Disney PhotoPass locations to view and download your photos.Learn more about Memory Maker.
Can I view the Disney PhotoPass photos of other people I am traveling with? 
In order to view someone else’s Disney PhotoPass photos online at Disney PhotoPass,  or on the My Disney Experience Mobile App, , you need to have a Disney account and be connected to that person using your Family & Friends list, . The person whose photos you wish to see will need to enable photo sharing with you.Learn more about Disney PhotoPass.
How long can I capture photos at Walt Disney World Resort with my Memory Maker purchase?
You can begin capturing photos as soon as you purchase Memory Maker. Once you download the first photo on Disney PhotoPass,  or the My Disney Experience Mobile App, —or otherwise redeem your Memory Maker purchase—you then have 30 days to capture more photos. Please remember to download your photos before they expire.If you purchased Memory Maker at the advance purchase price, photos taken within 3 days of the date of purchase will not be included in Memory Maker and must be purchased separately.
What happens when someone accepts my Family & Friends invitation for My Disney Experience?
Once you invite someone to connect to your Family & Friends list, that person will receive an email notification and be given the choice to accept or decline your invitation. When they accept, you will see a check mark next to their name in your Family & Friends list and you can then share the vacation planning activities in My Disney Experience. If you wish to modify what information you are sharing with other people, you can change your Family & Friends viewing permissions,  for each individual Guest by selecting the “Edit” button next to someone’s name in your Family & Friends list.View your Family & Friends list,  to invite someone to connect with you. You must sign in to My Disney Experience to view or modify your Family & Friends.
Do I have to link all of my tickets to my Disney account?
No. However, to take full advantage of MyMagic+, , we recommend that Guests link their tickets,  to their Disney account.Linking a ticket to your Disney account allows you to conveniently access your tickets through your MagicBand or card, , so you don’t have to worry about bringing multiple pieces of paper with you on your vacation. You can link theme park tickets, water park tickets, special event tickets and annual passes.Don’t worry! If you lose your MagicBand or card and it is linked to your Disney account, you do not also lose your tickets. You can request a replacement MagicBand or card,  and access your tickets through the new MagicBand or card. Replacement MagicBands may be subject to a fee.Please hold on to any annual pass that you link to your Disney account, as you may need to show your pass for theme park complimentary standard parking (if your pass includes parking) and food and merchandise discounts—along with a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport.
What is My Disney Experience?
As a Guest signed in to your Disney account you can use the My Disney Experience section of disneyworld.com to:Manage your reservations, tickets and daily itineraries on your My Plans page.View and update your profile.See your Disney PhotoPass photos taken at Walt Disney World Resort.Update your Family & Friends list.To access My Disney Experience, sign,  in or create your Disney account.
What is Radio Frequency (RF) technology and how is it used at Walt Disney World Resort?
Radio Frequency technology—also known as RF—is commonly used technology found throughout the world in everyday items like credit cards, video game controllers, keyless car entry, fitness wristbands and much more. We use RF technology to enhance your experience at Walt Disney World Resort.RF Technology at Walt Disney World Resort, RF technology has been in use at Walt Disney World Resort for many years, such as in ride and parade control float systems and laundry and costuming services. MagicBands and RF cards also use this technology to allow you to touch to enter your Disney Resort hotel room and the Walt Disney World parks (valid park admission required), make purchases at select locations, and access the FastPass+ attractions and shows you’ve selected. We continue to expand ways to use this common technology to create new and amazing Guest experiences and enhanced Guest service.Regulation of RF Technology, Walt Disney World Resort includes systems and devices using RF technology that are designed, tested and manufactured to comply with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations. The levels of RF energy they generate are similar to those found in many consumer devices.Implanted Pacemakers or Cardioverter-Defibrillators and RF Technology, If you have questions about your medical device and RF technology, we encourage you to seek the guidance of the manufacturer of your device and your physician. Manufacturers of Implantable Pacemaker and Cardioverter-Defibrillators (ICDs) typically recommend that you keep your medical device 9 inches (23 cm) away from RF transmitters comparable to the one found inside the MagicBand and touch points found throughout Walt Disney World Resort.If you suspect interference with your device is taking place, move away from the RF device so it is at least 9-inches (23-cm) distance away from your Pacemaker or ICD.Insulin Pumps, Neuro-Stimulators, Hearing Aids and RF Technology, Every device differs so we encourage you to check directly with your device manufacturer and physician.Your Privacy and RF Technology Used at Walt Disney World Resort, Your MagicBand or card is unique to you and allows us to authenticate you and the benefits associated with you. The MagicBand and card contain only a randomly assigned code that securely links to an encrypted database and are configured to not store any other information about you.Each MagicBand contains an HF Radio Frequency device and a transmitter which sends and receives RF signals through a small antenna inside the MagicBand and enables it to be detected at short-range touch points throughout Walt Disney World Resort. MagicBands can also be read by long-range readers located at Walt Disney World Resort used to deliver personalized experiences, as well as provide information that helps us improve the overall experience in our parks.If you prefer, you may elect to use a card instead of a MagicBand. Cards contain a passive HF Radio Frequency chip and cannot be detected by the long-range readers.  , Learn more about our privacy and data collection policies.
How is my information shared with the people on My Family & Friends list on disneyworld.com or the My Disney Experience app?
Each person in your Family & Friends list,  can view your full name and age on disneyworld.com or the My Disney Experience app, . People who are over 18 years of age are shown as “Age 18+”. Your contact and payment information will not be visible to people on your Family & Friends list.Depending on your settings, people connected to your Family & Friends list may also be able to see the following.My Plans, Depending on how you set permissions for each person, people connected to your Family & Friends list will be able to see all of your plans—like dining reservations, and reminders—or only view plans you have in common. The default setting is “All My Plans”.To change what plans you are sharing with someone on your Family & Friends list, , go to your Family & Friends list, select the person and select either “All My Plans” or “Only Plans We Share”.Family & Friends List, If you share your Family & Friends list, people on the list are able to see your list and invite each other to connect.To make your Family & Friends list private, go to your Family & Friends list, , select yourself and select the “Make List Private” button.Resort Hotel Reservations, People connected to your Family & Friends list who are also on your Resort hotel reservation can see your reservation information. If they are 18 years of age or older, they can view the remaining balance and make a payment.To remove someone from your reservation, please call (407) 939-1936.Disney PhotoPass Photos, People connected to your Family & Friends list can view and purchase your PhotoPass photos, videos and other digital content.To stop sharing photos with someone on your Family & Friends list, go to your Family & Friends list, , select the person and uncheck “My Disney PhotoPass Photos”.Stop Sharing All Information, If you no longer wish to share any plans or photos with someone, you can remove the person from your Family & Friends list.To remove someone from your Family & Friends list, go to your Family & Friends list, , select the person and select “Remove from This List”.
How do I apply discounts to a mobile order?
At Walt Disney World Resort, you can order at select quick-service restaurants and place to-go orders at select table-service restaurants using the My Disney Experience mobile app,  on your mobile device. Mobile menu offerings may vary from in-restaurant offerings.When making a mobile food or beverage order on the app, any applicable savings will automatically be reflected in your total. At this time, only Annual Passholder and Disney Vacation Club Member discounts apply. Please keep in mind that not all mobile order-enabled restaurants offer dining discounts and not all restaurants offer mobile ordering or to-go ordering.View a complete list of dining locations offering discounts for Passholders.View a complete list of dining locations offering discounts for Disney Vacation Club Members.In order to ensure your Passholder discount is applied, be sure to link your Annual Pass to your Disney account. To do so, tap on the “Tickets and Passes” button on the app main menu, then tap on “Link Tickets & Passes” to add your ID number to your account.For Guests who do not see their Disney Vacation Club Membership discount or are unable to add it, please call Member Services at (800) 800-9800 for assistance.
What information should I know about my privacy and MyMagic+ at Walt Disney World Resort?
MyMagic+ is designed to make your visit to the Walt Disney World,  Resort (the “Resort”), and other participating operations within the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts business segment, even more immersive and personalized. If you choose to participate in MyMagic+, we will collect information from you online and when you visit the Resort. Because many features of MyMagic+ are new, you might have questions about the information we collect and how we use it to deliver your experience. Below are answers to questions you may have. We value our guests and are dedicated to treating the information you share with us with care and respect. As we continue to enhance the park experience and develop new ways of interacting with you, we will update these FAQs.Information We Collect from You Online for My Disney Experience, The information we collect from you when you use the My Disney Experience website or mobile app is handled in accordance with our online privacy policy available here: http://corporate.disney.go.com/corporate/pp.html. Information We Collect From You When You Visit the Resort, We also collect certain information from you while you are at select locations throughout the Resort through means other than the My Disney Experience website or mobile app. The following Privacy FAQs address aspects of MyMagic+ that may be of interest to you.What are the RF Devices used for MyMagic+?, The benefits of MyMagic+ are delivered using either radio frequency (RF) technology-enabled MagicBands or RF cards ("RF Devices"). The RF Device you receive is unique to you and allows us to authenticate you and the benefits associated with you.You can use your RF Device to enter the theme parks and water parks and to redeem FastPass+ selections if park admission entitlements are associated to your RF Device, to access your room if you are staying at a Disney Resort hotel, and to make purchases at select Resort locations. And, if you choose to use a MagicBand, it can add a touch of magic to your vacation by unlocking special surprises, personalized just for you, throughout the Walt Disney World Resort. How do the RF Devices work?, Each MagicBand contains an HF radio frequency device and a transmitter which sends and receives RF signals through a small antenna inside the MagicBand. Each RF Card contains a passive HF radio frequency chip. Some of your benefits will be unlocked by "touching" your MagicBand or card to short-range reader touch points located at the Resort, including access to your Disney Resort hotel room, entry to a Disney theme park or making purchases at select Resort locations. The MagicBands can also be read by long-range readers placed in select locations throughout the Resort used to deliver personalized experiences and photos, as well as provide information that helps us improve the overall experience in our parks.Guests can participate in MyMagic+ and visit the Resort without using the MagicBand by choosing a card, which cannot be detected by the long-range readers; however, certain features of MyMagic+ are dependent upon long-range readers, including automatic delivery of certain attraction photos and videos and some personalized offerings, which are only available to guests using a MagicBand.The RF Devices are not GPS-based and do not enable collection of continuous location signals. Instead, MyMagic+ uses both short- and long-range readers located within the Resort to deliver the benefits of MyMagic+.The RF Devices themselves do not store your personal information. Rather, your RF Device contains only a randomly assigned code that securely links to an encrypted database. This allows us to associate your RF Device with the benefits you have purchased and to collect information regarding your interactions with the various RF Device readers located at the Resort.What information is collected through your use of the RF Devices and how is it used?, We use the information collected in connection with MyMagic+ to deliver the best possible guest experience. For example:When you use your RF Device at touch points (e.g., for Disney Resort room entry, park admission, FastPass+, and purchases at select Resort locations), we are able to record your transaction and, when necessary, make the appropriate adjustment to your account.The long-range readers will be in specific locations to enable the delivery of attraction photos and videos and personalized offerings.Your interactions provide us with information about the products and services you experience in the Parks; your wait time for rides, restaurants and other attractions; and similar types of information.If you sign up on the My Disney Experience website or mobile app to receive special email and/or text message alerts during your Resort visit, we may use information collected through your use of the RF Device to fulfill your request. We may also use the information we collect through your use of the RF Device to send you information about products and services that we think may be of interest to you, but you can always choose not to receive marketing information from us. We will not use information collected in connection with MyMagic+ to personalize or target advertising to children under age 13.Aggregate information can be used to better understand guest behavior and make improvements to the guest experience (e.g., managing wait times and improving traffic flow).How is information collected through your use of the RF Devices shared?, We may share information about your experiences at the Resort with other members of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, but you can always choose not to receive marketing from us.However, information about your specific park experience collected automatically when your MagicBand is read by long-range readers will not be shared with other members of the Walt Disney Family of Companies to use for marketing purposes unless you elect that we do so.We will only share information about you that is collected automatically when your MagicBand is read by long-range readers with third parties for their marketing uses if you elect that we do so.What choices are available regarding information collected through your use of the RF Devices?, Guests participating in MyMagic+ have a choice about how their information is used for marketing and can choose not to receive marketing information from us by opting out of receiving such communications. MyMagic+ also allows guests to receive offers and tips during their visit to Walt Disney World, but only if they request them from us.We will not use information collected in connection with MyMagic+ to personalize or target advertising to children under age 13.Are all guests required to participate in MyMagic+?, Guests can enjoy admission to the parks without having to participate in MyMagic+, register on the My Disney Experience website or provide any personal information. Guests who choose to participate in MyMagic+ and register on My Disney Experience will be able to use the FastPass+ service, make dining reservations online, and enjoy the convenience of having their tickets, FastPass+ selections, Resort room access and other enhanced features all in one place. Guests participating in MyMagic+ always have the option to use a card instead of a MagicBand. Guests can also choose whether to use their RF Device to make purchases at select Resort locations.Can I use my RF Device after my vacation?, Guests can keep their MagicBand or RF Card after their vacation and may use it on a return visit to the Resort. In addition, from time to time, members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may introduce products or services that can recognize the RF Devices and deliver experiences or value outside the Resort if the guest chooses to use their MagicBand or RF Card for those purposes. Information will be collected in connection with such use of the RF Devices only if the guest chooses to avail themselves of such products and services. RF Devices are intended for use in the United States only. , What is the Ticket Tag service and what information is collected through it?, We offer the convenience of Ticket Tag at the entrance of many of our theme parks and water parks. Ticket Tag helps to facilitate ease of re-entry into our parks and helps prevent fraud.In order to use Ticket Tag, you simply place your finger on a reader. The system, which utilizes the technology of biometrics, takes an image of your finger, converts the image into a unique numerical value and immediately discards the image. The numerical value is recalled when you use Ticket Tag with the same ticket to re-enter or visit another Park. Ticket Tag does not store fingerprints.Are all guests required to use Ticket Tag?, If you don't want to use Ticket Tag, you can simply carry and show a photo ID that matches the name identified with your ticket.How do we keep the information we collect secure?, The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.Where can I get more information?, You can learn more about our privacy and data collection policies by visiting MyDisneyExperience.com/privacy, . You may also contact Guest Services at 407-WDISNEY (407-934-7639).
Where can I use the payment method I stored to my Disney account?
You can store a payment method—like a credit card—to your Disney account. Storing a payment method allows you to save time during Walt Disney World website and app transactions, including:Dining reservations, PhotoPass purchases on the My Disney Experience app, Mobile food orders on the My Disney Experience app, Select ticket and pass purchases with the My Disney Experience app, Merchandise purchases with the Shop Disney Parks app, The credit card stored in your Disney account for select purchases is separate from the credit card associated with an annual pass purchased using the Monthly Payments Program for Florida residents. If you wish to update a Monthly Payments Program credit card, please call (888) 701-4100.Add or update the payment method that is stored to your Disney account.
I invited someone to connect to my Family & Friends list in My Disney Experience. What does the connection status of “Invite Pending” mean?
When you invite a new person to connect to your Family & Friends list,  in My Disney Experience, , they are sent an email message asking them to accept or decline your invitation. Until they respond, their status will be shown as “Invite Pending”.In most cases, all you need to do is wait. If your connection request is declined, the connection status will be shown as "Invitation Declined".If you wish to resend your invitation, select the “Invite Pending” link next to their name on your Family & Friends list.Of course, you can also call or email the person you are trying to connect to and ask them to respond to your invitation. For security reasons, we cannot provide alternative ways to contact people you invite. , If your request was declined and you believe that it should not have been, please double check the email address of the person you are inviting and confirm that it is correct. Also, keep in mind that children are unable to accept invitations to connect—their parents or guardians must do so for them.If you have repeatedly tried to connect to someone, and you are unable to do so for what you believe are technical reasons, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call. 
How should I begin planning my Walt Disney World Resort vacation?
The first step in planning your trip is to browse disneyworld.com to discover all that Walt Disney World Resort has to offer: 4 incredible theme parks, , 2 great water parks, attractions,  and entertainment,  for the whole family plus dozens of hotels, , hundreds of restaurants,  and much more.Next, shop for a Disney Resort Hotel Package, —which includes multi-day theme park tickets and a Resort hotel stay—for the dates of your visit.As you book and link your plans to your Disney account, use your My Plans,  page to manage your vacation details all in one place:Get next-steps and key planning dates.See your hotel and dining reservations, FastPass+ selections and personal reminders organized in a daily itinerary.View your tickets at a glance.See which plans you share with Guests on your Family & Friends list.Add, modify or cancel plans with a few clicks.
Should I buy theme park tickets in advance?
Yes. While you can purchase theme park tickets once you arrive at Walt Disney World Resort, we do recommend that you buy tickets in advance.To make your vacation planning as easy as possible, we suggest one of our , Disney Resort Hotel Packages, , which include both your Disney Resort hotel stay and theme park admission. You can also customize these flexible packages to include airfare, transportation options and a Disney dining plan.
The words "View Only Shared Activities" appears next to one of my Family & Friends in My Disney Experience. What does this mean? 
"View Only Shared Activities" means that the permissions for that person are set so that they can only view activities you both share—including dining reservations.If you wish for a member of your Family & Friends to view all of your activities, regardless if they are involved in them, visit Family & Friends, , select the “Edit” button next to their name and change their “Plan and Share” permission to "View All Activities".
When I created a new password using a combination of 6 letters and numbers, why did I get an error message?
Even if you follow the guidelines for creating a new password, there are certain words that are considered too common to be secure. If the password you entered was not accepted, please enter a different password and try again.Be sure to enter a combination of 6 to 25 characters, using at least one letter and number and optionally, special characters like "!", "?" or "&". Always store your password in a safe place, and remember that passwords are case sensitive.
Why did I receive a notification email about a new login to my account?
In our continuing efforts to safeguard your account data, The Walt Disney Company informs users whenever their account is logged into from a new website or app, or accessed from an unrecognized browser.We started tracking trusted apps and browsers in late 2019, so you may have received a notification if this was your first login to a familiar app or website since then. You may also receive a notification the first time you log in after clearing your cookies or browser cache. Be sure to check the device or browser name and login location in the email to confirm the notification was a result of your login.NOTE: Location listed is based on IP address and may not reflect the actual location of the device or browser.What if the notification email was not caused by my login?, If you believe that the unfamiliar sign-in notification was not the result of your own login:Click “Change Password”, You will be asked to reset your password to secure your account. All active sessions on your account will be logged out, and you will need to log in again using your new password.Going forward, you will be notified of any activity on your account from that or any other unrecognized device or browser, or of any logins on new websites or apps.
How can I get assistance with my Walt Disney World account?
We’re here to help! Answers to some common issues are:Can I still sign in with my old Username?, Yes, just enter your Username in the email field on the sign-in page. If this doesn’t work, try again by entering your email address.Can I cancel my Disney account online?, No, your Disney account can only be canceled by phone.For assistance with these or any account-related issues, please call (407) 939-4357. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call. 
How do I reset my Disney account password?
From time to time, we may ask you to update your password, you may forget your password or you may want to update your password. Regardless of the reason, you may reset your password either of these 2 ways: Answer Security Questions, If you have previously provided answers for the 2 security questions, reenter the answers in order to reset your password immediately. Please note that the answers must be an exact match to what was originally entered. Or Request an Email, If you don’t have (or don’t recall) the answers to your security questions, you may request an email that contains a link to reset your password. If you do not receive the email within a few minutes, please check your spam folder. The email will come from MemberServices@DisneyParks.TWDC.com. Be Sure Your New Password Meets Our Requirements, Enter a combination of 6 to 25 characters, using at least one letter and number and optionally, special characters like “!”, “?” or “&”. Always store your password in a safe place, and remember that passwords are case sensitive.If you have questions about your account, call (407) 939-7765 for assistance. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Why did I receive an error message when I attempted to link a ticket to my Disney account?
If you are experiencing technical difficulties linking a ticket to your Disney account, please check to make sure that your web browser is one of our recommended browsers.In particular, if you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 or an earlier version, we strongly recommend that you upgrade to a more recent browser.If you have updated your web browser and you continue to experience technical difficulties, please contact us at (407) 939-7765. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Link a ticket to your Disney account.
What are web browser cookies?
Web browser cookies (also called “HTTP cookies”) are information files that a website sends to your computer that store important information. Cookies are used for many common internet functions.Learn more about cookies and other online tracking technologies.
When I created a new password using a combination of 6 letters and numbers, why did I get an error message?
Even if you follow the guidelines for creating a new password, there are certain words that are considered too common to be secure. If the password you entered was not accepted, please enter a different password and try again.Be sure to enter a combination of 6 to 25 characters, using at least one letter and number and optionally, special characters like "!", "?" or "&". Always store your password in a safe place, and remember that passwords are case sensitive.
I previously saved some vacation package offers and now I cannot find them. Where should I look?
View your saved offers, . You will have to sign in to view your offers.Please keep in mind that saved offers are not guaranteed to remain available. If an offer is no longer available, you will see a message indicating which parts of the offer are unavailable.If you checked the above page and your saved offers do not appear, they may have expired. We are only able to save offers for a limited period of time. Please shop for a new vacation package offer.
How do I best view pictures and video on disneyworld.com?
You may need to upgrade your web browser to a more modern browser that fully supports JavaScript and HTML5 to view some pictures and video on disneyworld.com. Some content also requires that your browser have Adobe Flash installed.If you do not have the latest browser or version of Adobe Flash, you can download them here:Download Internet Explorer, Download Mozilla Firefox, Download Safari, Download Adobe Flash, Please be aware that Apple iOS does not support Adobe Flash and Google Android has discontinued support for Adobe Flash on mobile devices. If you are using a mobile phone or tablet computer, you may not be able to access some content on disneyworld.com.
Why do you need my email address when I make a reservation?
We require your email address to enable us to send you a confirmation message when you make or cancel a dining or Disney Resort hotel reservation. Your email address also allows you to register for and sign into My Disney Experience,  to view and manage your reservations online.
Where can I get help with the Direct-to-Room service?
If you are experiencing technical difficulties with the Direct-to-Room service, please check to be sure that you have the latest version of your web browser:Download Internet Explorer, Download Mozilla Firefox, Download Safari, If you’re using the latest version of your browser and you’re still unable to use the Direct-to-Room service, please call (407) 939-4357 and we will help you check in online. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Where can I get help for online payments for my vacation package?
If you are experiencing technical difficulties with making payments online, please check to be sure that you have the latest version of your web browser: Download Internet Explorer, Download Mozilla Firefox, Download Safari, If you are using the latest version of your browser and you are still unable to make an online payment, please call (407) 939-4357 and we will help you make your payment. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What are PDF files and how do I view them?
PDF files allow you to view, print and save documents that may otherwise be difficult to reproduce on a web browser. While most modern web browsers are able to open them by default, you may need to download Adobe Reader to view PDF files.Download Adobe Reader
Adobe Flash or Adobe Reader is not working on my browser. What should I do? 
Some plug-ins, like Adobe Flash and Adobe Reader, do not work properly until you close and restart your browser.You may need to upgrade your web browser to a more modern browser that supports JavaScript and HTML5 to view some pictures and video on disneyworld.com. Some sections also require that your browser have Adobe Flash installed.If you do not have the latest browser or version of Adobe Flash, you can download them here: Download Internet Explorer, Download Mozilla Firefox, Download Safari, Download Adobe Flash, Download Adobe Reader, Please be aware that Apple iOS does not support Adobe Flash, and Adobe Systems has discontinued support for Adobe Flash on Google Android mobile devices. If you are using a mobile phone or tablet computer, you may not be able to access some content on disneyworld.com.
What web browser do you recommend for disneyworld.com?
Disneyworld.com is designed for optimal viewing with Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge and Safari. In addition, disneyworld.com supports all modern mobile web browsers, including Safari on Apple iOS and Chrome for Mobile on Google Android.We recommend that you update your web browser to the most recent version available. If you are currently using Internet Explorer, we recommend that you use another web browser. Some pages may not function properly on Internet Explorer.Please use these links to upgrade your web browser or download a new web browser:Microsoft Edge, Safari, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox
Why do I have to register and sign in to use My Disney Experience?
The My Disney Experience section,  of disneyworld.com provides a safe and secure way to plan your trip, manage reservations, share experiences and interact with family and friends. In order to help protect your personal information, we require you to register and sign into My Disney Experience.Register or sign in to My Disney Experience.
Am I required to sign up for a Disney account to link a ticket to a MagicBand or card?
Yes. To link a ticket, you must have a Disney account or sign up for a new account. You do not technically link a ticket to a MagicBand or card; you link a ticket to your Disney account. You can access tickets linked to your account with any active MagicBand or card that is also linked to the account.Once you’ve signed up for a Disney account, you’ll find that it’s quick and easy to access and manage your tickets in the My Reservations,  section of My Disney Experience, . My Reservations also conveniently lists the Resort hotel reservations, vacation packages and dining reservations that you purchased or reserved on disneyworld.com.Create a new Disney account,  or link a ticket to your Disney account. 
How do I book a Disney Resort hotel room for a Guest with a disability?
You have the option of filtering by “Accessible Rooms” when you book your Walt Disney World vacation online.If you would like to discuss accommodations for a specific disability, please call (407) 939-7675. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about accommodations for Guests with disabilities at Walt Disney World Resort hotels.
What web browser plug-ins are recommended for disneyworld.com?
In order to use some functionality on disneyworld.com, we recommend that you use plug-ins for Adobe Flash and Adobe Reader. These popular plug-ins are frequently packaged with your browsers but, if not, they are free to download. Download Adobe Flash, Download Adobe Reader
I am a member of Club 33 at Disneyland Park in California, and I am visiting Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. Do I receive a MagicBand?
If you are a member of Club 33, you are eligible to receive a MagicBand.Please follow these simple steps at least 11 days before you plan to visit Walt Disney World Resort and your MagicBand will be delivered straight to your home:Create,  or sign into,  your Disney account.Link your Club 33 Membership Card to your Disney account, , if you have not already done so. Customize your MagicBand.Please continue to bring your Club 33 Membership Card to both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort. You will need the Club 33 Membership Card for admission to Disneyland Resort theme parks and for your Club 33 discounts at both the Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort. To verify your identity, please bring a valid photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport. MagicBand orders cannot be shipped to all countries.If you have any questions or you need help, please call Club 33 Member Services at (714) 300-7747. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What are the colorful wristbands or bracelets that I see people wearing at the Disney theme parks?
They’re MagicBands! MagicBands allow you to access the plans and vacation choices that you’ve made with My Disney Experience.You can use your MagicBand to:Unlock the door of your Disney Resort hotel room.Enter theme and water parks (with valid admission), Check in at FastPass+,  entrances.Connect Disney PhotoPass,  images to your Disney account, Charge food and merchandise purchases to your Disney Resort hotel room (only available during your hotel stay), Learn more about MagicBands.
What are the admission prices for Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure Park?
Check out our current ticket prices,  and learn about available offers and discounts.There are admission options,  for single or multiple days at Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park.You can maximize your visit with Theme Park Tickets with Disney MaxPass, , which lets you make FASTPASS selections from your mobile device while in the parks and gives you unlimited Disney PhotoPass photo downloads from the day.You may also purchase your tickets as part of a vacation package,  that includes hotel accommodations.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What attractions might be fun for my younger child?
View an interactive list of attractions that are fun for younger children.If you’re visiting with a younger child, you may wish to consider renting a stroller,  or getting a room at a nearby Disney Resort hotel, —so you can enjoy a midday nap or a dip in the pool.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What attractions might be fun for my teenager?
View an interactive list of attractions that are fun for a teenager, . For more accurate results, please check the boxes that represent your teenager’s tastes—especially under “Thrill Level” and “Interests”.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
When is the best time to visit the Disneyland Resort?
It's always a great time to visit Disney theme parks! However, when planning a trip to the Disneyland Resort, expect lower crowds from mid-September through mid-November (before the Thanksgiving break). Mid-January through mid-March is another time when potentially lower crowds are expected. The parks are generally less busy during these 2 periods, which make it an ideal time to explore.Generally there is no "off-peak" time to visit, but throughout the year some of our Annual Passholders experience blockout days that make crowd levels more manageable for many Guests. Planning a Disneyland Resort vacation during less busy, less crowded times also results in a greater choice of available rooms at the Disneyland Hotel,  and Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel & Spa.The benefit of visiting the Disneyland Resort during less crowded months is that wait times may be shorter, allowing you to do more. However, Disney California Adventure Park,  and Disneyland Park,  typically reduce their operating hours,  at such times. Additionally, attractions,  are more frequently closed for refurbishment and fewer entertainment options,  and events,  may be scheduled during these periods.If you want to attend while the theme parks have extended hours, entertainment, events and most attractions operating, plan your visit on a weekend, including extended holiday weekends during:Christmas and Spring Break, June through August, However, crowding is usually higher during these times.For a complete list of hours, entertainment, events and refurbishments, go to the Park Hours,  section and enter the dates of your visit, or contact Disneyland Resort Guest Information at (714) 781-4565. Guests under 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Ready to book your Disneyland Resort visit? Buy tickets, vacations packages and more!, Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, The Disneyland Resort Rules,  are regularly updated to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review these rules before visiting to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What can my family expect to find at Disney California Adventure Park?
Disney California Adventure Park,  offers exciting attractions, live shows, , shopping and dining,  experiences in 7 distinctly themed lands: Buena Vista Street, Hollywood Land, Cars Land, Pacific Wharf, Pixar Pier, Paradise Gardens Park and Grizzly Peak.
Where is Disney California Adventure Park located in relation to Disneyland Park?
Disney California Adventure Park,  is within short walking distance to Disneyland Park.The Main Entrances for both Disney California Adventure Park and Disneyland Park face each other. The Parking Lot Tram loading and unloading areas and the Ticket Booths for both theme parks are located a short walk from these Main Entrances.Everything at the Disneyland Resort is within walking distance. To the north of the Main Entry Plaza is Disneyland Park; to the south is Disney California Adventure Park. Downtown Disney District,  and all 3 Disneyland Resort Hotels,  are to the west.View a map of the Disneyland Resort.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Is Character Dining available at the Disneyland Resort?
Yes. You can find a variety of Character Dining,  opportunities at several restaurants across the Disneyland Resort—including locations in Disneyland Park, Disney California Adventure Park,  and the Disneyland Hotel. View all Character Dining locations.Character Dining is very popular and advanced reservations are highly recommended.Learn more about Disney Characters at the Disneyland Resort.
Can I have my purchases delivered to my hotel or check them while I enjoy the theme parks?
If you are a Guest of one of the Disneyland Resort Hotels, , our shops can have your items delivered to you at no extra charge. Just make arrangements with the clerk at the time of purchase.If you are here for the day or are staying at a non-Disney hotel, our complimentary package check service will hold purchases for you until you’re ready to leave. Locations include:Disneyland Resort Stroller Shop, Elias & Company in Disney California Adventure Park, Pioneer Mercantile at Disneyland Park, Port Royal at Disneyland Park, The Star Trader at Disneyland Park
Can my child enter Disneyland Park or Disney California Adventure Park without an adult?
Guests under 14 years of age must be accompanied by a Guest age 14 years of age or older to enter Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Which attractions and entertainment will be closed for refurbishment during my visit to the Disneyland Resort?
Please check our daily park hours,  for the planned refurbishments schedule for attractions and entertainment. The refurbishments schedule is subject to change without notice, and attractions and entertainment may be unavailable for unscheduled reasons.When you arrive at the Disneyland Resort, please check the signs at the entrance to the Esplanade between Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park,  for the latest refurbishment information.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
How is the Disneyland Resort responding to COVID-19, commonly referred to as novel coronavirus?
Important Disneyland Resort Update Concerning Coronavirus/COVID-19, As we continue to monitor the coronavirus situation, we wanted to share a few updates you should know about concerning the Disneyland Resort.Update on operations at the Disneyland Resort.
Is foreign currency exchange available at the Disneyland Resort?
Yes, foreign currency may be exchanged for U.S. dollars at City Hall in Disneyland Park, the Chamber of Commerce in Disney California Adventure Park and the Front Desks at the Disneyland Resort Hotels.Guests may visit 24-hour self-service ATM's,  throughout the Disneyland Resort to withdraw United States dollars from their bank account.
What is the Downtown Disney District?
The Downtown Disney District,  is an exciting dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  promenade located adjacent to Disney California Adventure Park,  and Disneyland Park.
How can my family enjoy a visit with Disney Characters at the Disneyland Resort?
Disney Characters can be found throughout Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park, . As you plan your visit, you may wish to learn more about all the Character Experiences, attractions, entertainment,  and dining,  opportunities available at the Disneyland Resort.Locate Disney Characters by downloading the official Disneyland Mobile App,  and checking the Characters tab.For more information when you arrive, please visit the Information Board near the entrance of both parks or City Hall on Main Street, U.S.A.
What is the best way to dress for a day at the parks? 
The parks are a casual, family-oriented environment. We suggest you dress comfortably, wear good walking shoes and check the local weather report before you leave for the parks. Review our Pre-Arrival Tips,  to make sure you come prepared for a fun-filled trip!, Ensuring that the parks are family friendly is an important part of the Disney experience. In that spirit, we ask you to use your discretion and common sense.Inappropriate Attire, Attire that is not appropriate for the theme parks (and which may result in refusal of admittance or ejection) includes but is not limited to:Costumes may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older, Masks may not be worn by Guests 14 years of age or older (unless they are for medical purposes), Clothing with objectionable material, including obscene language or graphics, Excessively torn clothing or loose fitting clothing which may drag on the ground and create a potential trip hazard, Clothing which, by nature, exposes excessive portions of the skin that may be viewed as inappropriate for a family environment, Clothing with multiple layers are subject to search upon entry, Visible tattoos that could be considered inappropriate, such as those containing objectionable language or designs, Bare feet, Dressing for Special Events, There are specific costume guidelines for special events such as Oogie Boogie Bash - A Disney Halloween Party, . Before brewing up ideas for your next disguise, please take a moment to review our latest rules and regulations:All Guests may dress as their favorite character, but may not pose for pictures or sign autographs for other Guests.Costumes must be family-friendly and may not be obstructive, offensive, objectionable or violent.Costumes may not contain any weapons that resemble or could easily be mistaken for an actual weapon.Costumes may not contain sharp objects, pointed objects or materials that may accidentally strike another Guest.Layered costumes or costume props that surround the entire body are strongly discouraged and may be subject to additional security screening.Costumes may not reach or drag on the ground (e.g., full-length Princess dresses), For Guests Ages 13 and Under, Costumes and some masks may be worn, as long the mask does not cover the entire face and eyes are visible.For Guests Ages 14 and Older, Capes may be worn if the length does not go below the waist.Themed T-shirts, blouses, sweatshirts and hats are acceptable.Acceptable accessories include: transparent wings, plastic light sabers, toy swords and tutus.Headwear may be worn as long as it does not cover the face.Masks of any kind may not be worn, except for medical purposes.Guests who do not adhere to these guidelines may be refused entry into, and/or removed from, the event, unless his or her costume can be modified to meet the above standards. While we encourage creativity, we also value safety and good judgment. The above costume guidelines apply throughout the duration of Oogie Boogie Bash - A Disney Halloween Party and/or other costumed events. Please note: all rules, regulations and guidelines are subject to change without notice.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
I’m driving to the Disneyland Resort. How do I get there?
Get driving directions to the Disneyland Resort. Learn about parking at the Disneyland Resort,  or the ways to get here,  if you do not have access to a car.
Are there any events at the Disneyland Resort that may impact park operations or hours?
The Disneyland Resort is a popular destination, and our special events make us unique. Disneyland After Dark, Oogie Boogie Bash - A Disney Halloween Party and Disneyland Grad Nite are just a few examples of events that may impact park operations or hours. Check , Special Events & Tours,  for more information, dates and times.The Resort is open every day to everyone, and we extend our welcome to a variety of groups that may hold events at the Disneyland Resort throughout the year. Because these activities are independently organized, we are not a source of information for them. However, we are currently aware of the following events scheduled for the dates below.Dapper Day, : April 11, 2021, Bats Day, : May 2, 2021, Schedules are subject to change without notice.
How does Disney FASTPASS Service work?
Disney FASTPASS service gives you the opportunity to spend less time waiting in line for popular attractions and provides access to a reserved viewing area for select entertainment at Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park, . There are 2 ways to take advantage of it:Digitally Through Your Mobile Device, When you purchase the Disney MaxPass,  feature, you’ll be able to make FASTPASS selections right from your phone using the Disneyland app,  while in the parks. FASTPASS availability is limited and not guaranteed.At FASTPASS Distribution Points, You can get FASTPASS selections at no extra charge at FASTPASS Distribution points generally located near participating attractions and entertainment at both parks (separate theme park admission required). These selections are available on a first-come, first-served basis.Learn more about Disney FASTPASS Service.Please check the day’s FASTPASS availability before purchasing Disney MaxPass. FASTPASS selections are limited, not guaranteed and are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Disney MaxPass is nonrefundable and subject to restrictions and change without notice.Message, data and roaming rates may apply for Disneyland App. Availability subject to handset limitations and features may vary by handset or service provider. Coverage not available everywhere. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first.Disney FASTPASS service and Disney MaxPass are unavailable for attractions in Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
Are group discounts available at the Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure Park?
Yes. Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park,  offer discounts for groups of 15 or more from qualified non-profit organizations. For detailed information, prices and tickets, please call (714) 781-4565.Disney Youth Groups,  also offer specially-priced group tickets—perfect for field trips—for youths ages 3 to 22. For information and reservations, call (800) 232-7980.Large or small business meetings, conventions or events,  are welcome at Disneyland Resort! For more information and reservations, call (714) 520-7025.Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What procedures do you have in place to minimize the spread of illness at the Disneyland Resort?
As part of our commitment to the health and safety of our Guests, Cast Members and the larger community, we have high standards for sanitation and employ robust cleaning procedures, such as:Training for Cast Members, with ongoing reinforcement on a regular basis, Defined cycles for frequent cleaning and disinfection of targeted areas, Easy access to handwashing facilities and hand sanitizer dispensers, Quick response to spills, trash and other situations, End-of-day sanitation procedures for restroom, kitchen, and other facilities, Frequent cleaning and “wash down” of outdoor locations, including walkways and queues, We also offer first-aid centers,  to assist with minor health issues and offer preventive health services to our Cast Members, such as free vaccinations and online wellness clinics and pharmacies. Additionally, our onsite health teams and leaders routinely communicate with our Cast Members about illness prevention.We actively monitor public health situations, making critical and timely decisions based on guidance from local, national and international health agencies.
What are the height requirements for attractions?
For your safety, some attractions at Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park,  have height requirements.Disneyland Park, 32" (81 cm) or taller and accompanied by another rider 54" or taller, Autopia, 35" (89 cm) or taller, Gadget's Go Coaster, 38" (97 cm) or taller, Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run, 40" (102 cm) or taller, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Space Mountain, Splash Mountain, Star Tours, Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, 42" (107 cm) or taller, Matterhorn Bobsleds, 46" (117 cm) or taller, Indiana Jones Adventure, 54" (137 cm) or taller to ride alone, Autopia, Disney California Adventure Park, 32" (81 cm) or taller, Mater's Junkyard Jamboree, Luigi's Rollickin' Roadsters, 40" (102 cm) or taller, Jumpin' Jellyfish, Guardians of the Galaxy - Mission: BREAKOUT!, Radiator Springs Racers, Silly Symphony Swings,  (tandem swings only), Soarin' Around The World, 42" (107 cm) or taller, Goofy's Sky School, Grizzly River Run, Redwood Creek Challenge Trail,  (rock wall and zip line only), 48" (122 cm) or taller, Incredicoaster, Silly Symphony Swings,  (ride in single swing), View an interactive list of all attractions.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What are the hours for the Downtown Disney District?
Visit our Park Hours,  section for the schedule of entertainment and events. The Downtown Disney District,  is open every day of the year.Browse the dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  at the Downtown Disney District!
How do I apply for a job at the Disneyland Resort?
The Disneyland Resort is always looking for qualified applicants 18 years of age and above.For hourly or salaried positions, , please visit our Disney Careers,  website.If you have questions about the application process or do not have access to the internet, please contact a Disney representative at (844) 559-2278.For information about auditions for entertainment programs, , please visit the Disney Auditions,  website or call (844) 559-2278.Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What are the admission prices for Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure Park?
Check out our current ticket prices and learn about... 
Where is the Downtown Disney District located?
The Downtown Disney District,  is conveniently located within walking distance of Disney California Adventure Park, Disneyland Park,  and the Disneyland Resort hotels. , Enjoy 3 hours of parking when you make a $20 minimum purchase and receive validation from any Downtown Disney location (including quick-service restaurants, merchandise locations and kiosks)—or up to 5 hours of parking with validation from any Downtown Disney table-service restaurant.Beyond these validations, each additional hour costs $14, charged in 30-minute increments, with a minimum $7 charge after the initial 15-minute grace period. Additionally, the maximum daily parking and lost ticket fee is $56. Parking is subject to capacity.Explore the dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  at the Downtown Disney District.
Do you have lockers?
Yes. Lockers are available for rental at Disneyland Park, Disney California Adventure Park,  and in the Esplanade between the parks. Lockers are rented per-day, and lockers inside Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure Park are subject to park operating hours.Learn more about renting lockers.
How do I find something I've lost at the Disneyland Resort?
The Disneyland Resort uses Chargerback to help track lost and found items. Please report any lost items online.Once you’ve reported a lost item, you’ll receive an email notification from Chargerback with your Lost Item report number. Chargerback will provide information from your report to the Disneyland Resort so that we can look for your item and return it to you if it is found. Chargerback will also email you periodic updates about your search status.
Can I visit both the Disneyland Park and the Disney California Adventure Park in one day?
It is possible to visit both theme parks at the Disneyland Resort in one day. You can visit both parks on the same day if:You purchase a Park Hopper Ticket,  (a Park Hopper Ticket may be included in your Vacation Package), You are an Annual Passholder—Signature Plus passes provide access to both parks every day of the year. For all other pass types, access to both parks is available on select days. See blockout calendar,  based on your pass type.Since there is so much to see and do at the Disneyland Resort, we recommend planning a multi-day visit. There are many multi-day ticket options that allow you to explore both parks at a more relaxed pace.Choose how you want to spend each day of your Disneyland Resort experience and purchase the ideal theme park tickets,  for you.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Does the Disneyland Resort offer MagicBands, FastPass+ or My Disney Experience?
No. MagicBands, FastPass+,  and My Disney Experience,  are used only at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. The Disneyland app,  and paper tickets can be used for admission at the Disneyland Resort in California.Disneyland Resort theme parks offer same-day FASTPASS,  service while Walt Disney World Resort offers FastPass+ service, which allows Guests to make selections in advance. The , Disney MaxPass feature,  at the Disneyland Resort combines the time-saving convenience of making Disney FASTPASS,  attraction selections on your mobile device with the value of unlimited Disney PhotoPass,  downloads for a day.My Disney Experience is available for Walt Disney World Resort vacation planning only. Planning a trip to the Disneyland Resort? Visit the Help Center,  for live chat assistance and answers to frequently asked questions.
How do I find out what's happening at the Disneyland Resort?
View the Park Hours and Schedule,  page to see a calendar of upcoming entertainment and event listings. Browse disneyland.com to learn about the exciting , attractions, entertainment, events,  and dining,  experiences at the Disneyland Resort.Don’t miss out on any of the magic! Use our interactive map,  to locate all there is to enjoy at the Disneyland Resort.
Can I bring outside food and beverages into Disneyland Park or Disney California Adventure Park?
Guests are allowed to bring outside food and nonalcoholic beverages into the parks for self-consumption, provided they are not in glass containers, do not require heating, reheating, processing or refrigeration and do not have pungent odors. Inform a Security Cast Member of any food items when you enter the park.You may also enjoy your own food and nonalcoholic beverages in an ideal setting at the complimentary picnic area, —conveniently located outside the Main Entrance to Disneyland Park.The Disneyland Resort features a variety of great dining options,  for almost every taste and budget—including a wide range of choices to help accommodate Guests with Special Dietary Requests.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What should I pack for my visit to the Disneyland Resort?
Here are some tips on what you should consider packing for your Disneyland Resort visit, in lovely Southern California:Autograph book (for Disney Characters), Backpack, Bathing suit, Comfortable walking shoes, External battery for mobile phones, First aid kit, Hand sanitizer, Hat, Jacket, Lanyard for pins, Lip balm (consider one with sunscreen), Medication, Park tickets,  (if you don’t already have tickets, save time and buy them digitally with the Disneyland app), Phone or tablet charger, Plastic bags (great for packing things that can leak or might get wet, like bathing suits), Rain poncho, Reusable water bottle, Snacks, Stroller, Sunglasses, Sunscreen, Travel-sized liquids and lotions, Umbrella, Your imagination!, Missing anything on this packing list? Gear up for your visit with authentic Disneyland merchandise at shopDisney.Clothes, During the summer months, be sure to pack light clothing. Bring shorts, T-shirts and a thin jacket. During the winter months, be ready to dress in layers. Pack jeans, T-shirts or long-sleeved shirts for daytime and a sweatshirt and heavy jacket for mornings and evenings.Remember to check the weather forecast before you leave home, but also come prepared for the unexpected. Pack appropriate clothing in case the weather suddenly turns wet or unseasonably warm or cool.For more helpful information on preparing for your visit, browse our Pre-Arrival Tips.Shopping, Packed already? Forget to pack anything… on purpose? Visit the variety of convenient specialty shops,  located at the Disneyland Resort.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What procedures do you have in place for the cleanliness of the Disneyland Resort?
From the very beginning, Walt Disney made cleanliness an important part of the Disney experience. We have high standards for cleaning and sanitation, with health and safety protocols such as:Training for Cast Members, with ongoing reinforcement on a regular basis, Defined cycles for frequent cleaning and disinfection of targeted areas, Easy access to handwashing facilities and hand sanitizer dispensers, Quick response to spills, trash and other situations, End-of-day sanitation procedures for restroom, kitchen, and other facilities, Frequent cleaning and “wash down” of outdoor locations, including walkways and queues, Learn more about public health and hygiene practices at the Disneyland Resort.
How do I find current park hours?
View the park hours,  for both Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What items are not permitted within Disneyland Park or Disney California Adventure Park?
Items not permitted include, but are not limited to, the following:Pets—which may be kept at the on-site kennel, . (Separate fees apply and space is limited.) Service Animals,  are permitted.Wagons, Skateboards, Scooters (motorized and non-motorized), Drones, Remote control toys, Inline skates, Shoes with built-in wheels, Bicycles, Motorcycles, Tricycles, Unicycles, Pogo sticks, 2-wheeled vehicles, including Segway™ Human Transporters, Strollers larger than 31" (79 cm) x 52" (132 cm), Stroller wagons, Suitcases, backpacks or similar bags with wheels, Suitcases, backpacks or similar bags larger than 24" long x 15" wide x 18" high (61 cm x 38 cm x 46 cm), Any trailer-like object that is pushed or towed by an ECV, wheelchair,  or stroller, Note: Guests are not permitted to pull items behind them. Any item that requires a Guest to pull it behind him or her, including a stroller, is not permitted into the theme parks.Coolers larger than 6-pack sized are not permitted into the theme parks Note: Guest can store coolers up to 19" wide x 24" high x 31" deep in rentable jumbo-sized lockers,  located outside the Disneyland Park Main Entrance. Lockers are not refrigerated and availability is limited. Guests who need to refrigerate medication may do so at First Aid.Exceptions may be made for special dietary or religious needs.Loose or dry ice is not permitted and reusable ice packs are recommended, Alcohol, marijuana (including marijuana-enriched products) and any illegal substances are strictly prohibited, Folding chairs, with the exception of cane-chair and seat-walker mobility aids, Glass containers, with the exception of baby food containers, medicine or small perfume bottles (under 4 oz), Sporting goods or equipment (e.g., baseball bats, helmets, hockey sticks, golf clubs, bows and arrows, camping equipment, chairs, stools, tables and Frisbees), Weapons of any kind or object that appear to be weapons (toy guns, toy blasters, squirt guns, etc.), Self-defense equipment (e.g., pepper spray, mace, stun guns), Restraining devices (e.g., handcuffs, zip ties) or any suspicious items (e.g., box cutters, razor blades, duct tape, wire), Items that may be disruptive (e.g. laser pointers, slingshots, stink bombs, air horns), Cremated remains (e.g., urns, vases, boxes), Miscellaneous other items (tools, fire extinguishers, musical instruments, megaphones, pots and pans), Wrapped gifts (all gifts must be able to be unwrapped for inspection), Items with spikes (e.g. purses, bracelets, etc.), Selfie sticks (hand-held extension poles for cameras and mobile devices), Folding tripod stands or monopod stands that can fit inside a standard backpack are permitted.Equipment used for unauthorized photography, videotaping, recording, broadcast or transmission of any kind for commercial purposes is not allowed. Professional photographers with professional cameras or recording equipment, who are visiting the Disneyland Resort with the intent to take photographs or recordings of people, Disneyland Resort properties, or icons for professional purposes must request permission and make prior arrangements with appropriate Disneyland Resort representatives. Permission for any recordings or broadcasts on the premises are within the sole discretion of Disney.This information is subject to change without notice.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Can I make a dining reservation at a Disneyland Resort restaurant before I arrive?
Yes. Reservations are offered at select restaurants,  throughout the Disneyland Resort and, due to limited availability, they are highly recommended.You can make dining reservations online,  or call (714) 781-DINE or (714) 781-3463 up to 60 days in advance. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
The Disneyland Resort Rules were updated on October 7, 2019. What key information should I know about the updated rules and policies?
Why We Have Updated Our Rules and Policies, The updates to the Disneyland Resort Rules,  are intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits by, among other things, easing Guest flow and reducing congestion.Key Changes, View a complete list of Disneyland Resort property rules.Key policy changes, which are designed to, among other things, help improve Guest flow, ease congestion and make the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits include:As of May 1, 2019, smoking areas are no longer present in the Disneyland theme parks, the Esplanade between the parks or the Downtown Disney District.As of May 1, 2019, strollers may not be larger than 31” (79 cm) wide and 52” (132 cm) long.Wagons are not permitted in our parks, and as of May 1, 2019, stroller wagons are also no longer permitted.Loose and dry ice are not permitted in our parks. Reusable ice packs are recommended.As of October 7, 2019 strollers must be folded prior to boarding the Mickey & Friends Tram and all other Disney transportation.When Changes Are Effective, Unless listed by date above, all policy and rule updates are effective immediately.Why Smoking Is No Longer Allowed at Our Theme Parks and the Downtown Disney District, The Disneyland Resort makes updates from time to time and the removal of smoking areas is intended to provide a more enjoyable experience for everyone who visits.Electronic Cigarettes and Vaping, Beginning May 1, smoking and vaping are not permitted in our theme parks, the Esplanade between the parks or in the Downtown Disney District.Why We Reduced the Size of Strollers and Prohibited Wagons in Our Theme Parks, The Disneyland Resort makes updates from time to time, and the reduction of stroller sizes is intended to ease Guest flow and reduce congestion, making the park experience more enjoyable for everyone who visits. Many strollers, including many double jogging strollers, still fit within these guidelines.Stroller Wagon Restrictions, Beginning May 1, wagons (including stroller wagons), whether pushed or pulled, are not permitted at any theme park or the Downtown Disney District.Ensuring Strollers Fall Within the Size Guidelines, Beginning May 1, strollers should be no larger than 31” (79 cm) wide and 52” (132 cm) long when measured across the widest and longest points.Why Loose or Dry Ice Is Not Permitted in Our Parks, In order to improve Guest flow, ease congestion and streamline the bag-check and entry processes, loose and dry ice are not permitted. Reusable ice packs are recommended.What To Do If You Need Ice for Baby Food, Medicine or Other Items, Reusable ice packs are recommended. Cups of ice are available at no charge at food and beverage locations.Folding Strollers on Trams, Beginning October 7, 2019, we ask that Guests fold their strollers prior to boarding the Mickey & Friends Tram and all other Disney transportation, for the safety of all our Guests and Cast Members. If a Guest cannot fold the stroller or prefers not to fold it, Guests may use the walkway through Downtown Disney to the Disney Parks.Getting More Information for Guests with Disabilities About the Rule and Policy Updates, Nothing has changed about how we make accommodations for Guests with disabilities. Meeting their needs is extremely important to us. Guests with disabilities who have questions or concerns about any of the updates may contact Disability.Services@DisneyParks.com,  or call (407) 560-2547 to address their needs.
What security measures do you have in place?
We have a comprehensive approach to security that includes measures that are visible and others that are not. We do not broadly discuss the specifics of our security procedures to avoid compromising their effectiveness.We have a comprehensive approach to security at our theme parks, promenade and Resort hotels. This includes the presence of uniformed police officers using specially trained dogs to help patrol our parks and resorts, and bag checks and security checkpoints at our theme park entrances, the Downtown Disney District, and our Resort hotels.We also have implemented additional security measures, including randomly selecting Guests for a secondary screening using metal detectors.
Where can I find information about the shopping, nightlife and entertainment destinations at the Disneyland Resort?
All throughout the Downtown Disney District, , you can discover a variety of different world-class shopping, dining,  and entertainment,  options.
Are there significant differences between 
The major offerings will be nearly the same at Disneyland Park,  (located in the Disneyland Resort in California) and Disney’s Hollywood Studios,  (located at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.), Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at the Disneyland Resort,  or Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at Walt Disney World Resort.
Why are the new 
We have always planned on separate opening dates because the construction schedules have been staggered since the announcement of the expansion.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at the Disneyland Resort,  or Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at Walt Disney World Resort.
Where is 
Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge is located in Disneyland Park.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
Will Disney FASTPASS service be offered for the attractions at 
No. Disney FASTPASS,  service, including availability via Disney MaxPass, , will not initially be offered for Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run or Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance. We will continually evaluate our operations and services in order to help provide a great Guest experience.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
What are the rules for using strollers at the Disneyland Resort?
The following guidelines apply to the use of personal and rented strollers,  at the Disneyland Resort:Strollers are not allowed on escalators. Use of strollers is permitted on elevators and ramps, available at certain locations.A child must be removed from his or her stroller while riding on a parking lot tram.Do not leave personal belongings in an unattended stroller.Strollers may be moved by a Cast Member due to operational needs.Rented strollers may be used throughout Disneyland Park, Disney California Adventure Park and the Downtown Disney District. Rented strollers may not be taken into the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort or onto parking lot trams or buses.Strollers larger than 31" (79 cm) x 52" (132 cm) and wagons are not permitted.Stroller wagons are also not permitted.Learn about renting strollers and browse the many other available Guest Services,  provided by the Disneyland Resort.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Is there transportation from the Disneyland Resort hotels to the theme parks? 
The Disneyland Resort is a pedestrian resort. Disney California Adventure Park,  and Disneyland Park,  are a short stroll through the Downtown Disney District,  from the Disneyland Resort hotels, . The Disneyland Monorail,  stops at nearby Downtown Disney District and at Tomorrowland inside Disneyland Park.Guests staying at Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa can enjoy convenient access into Disney California Adventure Park through an entrance located near the pools at Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa, . Valid theme park admission and active Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel & Spa hotel room key card required.
How many days should I plan to visit the Disneyland Resort in order to maximize my experience?
You may want to plan your visit for multiple days. Consider the number of attractions,  and entertainment experiences,  at both parks: Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park, . There are also parades, fireworks,  and nighttime spectaculars, . You may want to include time in your trip to enjoy Character Dining,  and other dining events. Plus, there is a lively promenade with plenty of unique shops to visit at the Downtown Disney District.
Can I walk to the Downtown Disney District from the Disney theme parks or hotels?
The Downtown Disney District,  is conveniently located within walking distance of Disney California Adventure Park, Disneyland Park,  and the Disneyland Resort hotels. , Enjoy 3 hours of parking when you make a $20 minimum purchase and receive validation from any Downtown Disney location (including quick-service restaurants, merchandise locations and kiosks)—or up to 5 hours of parking with validation from any Downtown Disney table-service,  restaurant.Beyond these validations, each additional hour costs $14, charged in 30-minute increments, with a minimum $7 charge after the initial 15-minute grace period. Additionally, the maximum daily parking and lost ticket fee is $56. Parking is subject to capacity.Learn more about all the exciting dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  options at the Downtown Disney District!
How do rain and inclement weather affect the availability of attractions and entertainment at the Disneyland Resort?
In the event of inclement weather during your visit to the Disneyland Resort, most attractions,  and indoor shows will continue to operate. For the safety and comfort of our Guests and Cast, some outdoor attractions may temporarily close until the inclement weather passes. These attractions may include:Disneyland Park, Alice in Wonderland, Davy Crockett’s Explorer Canoes, Gadget's Go Coaster, The Mad Tea Party, Main Street Vehicles, Pirate's Lair on Tom Sawyer Island, Storybook Land Canal Boats, Please visit City Hall on Main Street, U.S.A. during your visit for updated information.Disney California Adventure Park, Golden Zephyr, Goofy’s Sky School, Jumpin’ Jellyfish, Luigi’s Rollickin’ Roadsters, Redwood Creek Challenge Trail, Please visit Chamber of Commerce on Buena Vista Street during your visit for updated information.Inclement weather may also affect entertainment, —including shows and parades—in both parks. All outdoor attractions will close when lightning is observed in the area.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
What is Bluetooth® Low Energy (BLE) and how is it used at the Disneyland Resort?
Bluetooth technology is a communication standard designed for short-range data exchange between devices. You may be familiar with it as it is commonly a feature in mobile phones, smart watches and even cars. BLE is a form of Bluetooth communication that requires only low power consumption, which is ideal for some kinds of device-to-device communication that only require small amounts of information to be sent or received.Select locations throughout Disneyland Resort (the “Resort”) include BLE beacons, which are small radio transmitters. These BLE beacons may communicate with certain other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as mobile phones or “smart” devices that have Bluetooth capability. The exchange of information is designed to allow you to enable certain interactive or personalized experiences and to improve the Guest experience.Guests can visit the Resort without using BLE; however, certain features of the Resort experience are dependent upon BLE, including some personalized offerings. To participate using your Bluetooth-enabled mobile device, (1) download the Disneyland app,  or the Play Disney Parks app,  (collectively “Disneyland Parks apps”) to your mobile device; (2) grant the app you are using permission to access your location; and (3) enable Bluetooth services using your device settings. Certain personalized experiences may also require that Guests be signed in to their Disney account on the app. For other BLE-enabled products, including, for example, Astromech Droid Units or Made with Magic Connected Ear Hats, the device will automatically enable the Bluetooth technology when the device is turned on.Guests can enjoy our theme parks without using BLE-enabled devices or products. Guests who have one or more Disneyland Parks apps on their mobile devices but do not want to receive interactive or personalized experiences based on interaction with such apps may disable the Bluetooth functionality on their device or disable the location permission for the installed Disneyland Parks apps while visiting the parks. Guests who have the Astromech Droid Units but do not want to receive interactive or personalized experiences based on interactions with the Droid may power off their Droid while visiting the parks. Note that an Astromech Droid Unit may interact with other Astromech Droid Units outside of the Resort if both units are turned on.The BLE beacons are not GPS-based and do not enable collection of continuous location signals.
What information does the Disneyland Resort collect through Bluetooth
BLE beacons at locations within the Disneyland Resort (the “Resort”) communicate with the Disneyland app or the Play Disney Parks app (collectively, “Disneyland Parks apps”) on your Bluetooth-enabled mobile device and certain other BLE-enabled devices or products, such as the Astromech Droid Units (collectively “your BLE-enabled devices”) to trigger certain effects or experiences on your BLE-enabled devices.In addition, your BLE-enabled devices may also broadcast data that, when received by our BLE beacons, may allow us to provide other interactive or personalized experiences. For example, when you use the Play Disney Parks app,  at Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge, , certain functions performed with the app may trigger physical effects in the land. Our BLE beacons may also receive data broadcast by your BLE-enabled devices to determine your relative position and enable certain personalized experiences.
Will joining the virtual queue be required every day to ride 
No. The virtual queue will be used as needed. The goal of the virtual queue is to let you enjoy the rest of Disneyland Park,  and Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  while you wait to experience the Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  attraction.Please check the Disneyland app,  and signs around Disneyland Park to see if the virtual queue is being used when you visit.Admission to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance is subject to capacity. Joining the virtual queue does not guarantee entrance to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.Guests with Disabilities, Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance uses the Disability Access Service (DAS) system,  for Guests with disabilities. However, Guests who use DAS will still need to request to be part of the virtual queue when it is in use, and they will receive a boarding group in addition to acquiring their DAS pass. Please contact a Guest Relations,  Cast Member for additional assistance.Learn more about the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.
What are the height requirements for attractions?
For your safety, some attractions at Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park,  have height requirements.Disneyland Park, 32" (81 cm) or taller and accompanied by another rider 54" or taller, Autopia, 35" (89 cm) or taller, Gadget's Go Coaster, 38" (97 cm) or taller, Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run, 40" (102 cm) or taller, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Space Mountain, Splash Mountain, Star Tours, Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, 42" (107 cm) or taller, Matterhorn Bobsleds, 46" (117 cm) or taller, Indiana Jones Adventure, 54" (137 cm) or taller to ride alone, Autopia, Disney California Adventure Park, 32" (81 cm) or taller, Mater's Junkyard Jamboree, Luigi's Rollickin' Roadsters, 40" (102 cm) or taller, Jumpin' Jellyfish, Guardians of the Galaxy - Mission: BREAKOUT!, Radiator Springs Racers, Silly Symphony Swings,  (tandem swings only), Soarin' Around The World, 42" (107 cm) or taller, Goofy's Sky School, Grizzly River Run, Redwood Creek Challenge Trail,  (rock wall and zip line only), 48" (122 cm) or taller, Incredicoaster, Silly Symphony Swings,  (ride in single swing), View an interactive list of all attractions.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Do I need to join a virtual queue to ride 
No. It is not necessary to join a virtual queue to enter Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or ride the Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run,  attraction.You may be required to join a virtual queue to access the Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  attraction. The virtual queue will only be used as needed. Please check the Disneyland app,  and signs around Disneyland Park,  to see if the virtual queue is being used when you visit.Admission to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance is subject to capacity. Joining the virtual queue does not guarantee entrance to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.Learn more about the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.
How many times in one day can I join the virtual queue for 
Guests are able to join the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance,  only once per day. This policy allows as many Guests as possible to have the opportunity to experience the amazing new attraction.Please check the Disneyland app,  and signs around Disneyland Park,  to see if the virtual queue is being used when you visit.Admission to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance is subject to capacity. Joining the virtual queue does not guarantee entrance to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.Learn more about the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.
What information should I know about my privacy at the Disneyland Resort?
We strive to make your visit to the Disneyland Resort (the “Resort”) immersive and personalized. To enable these experiences, we may collect information from you online and when you visit the Resort. We value our Guests and are dedicated to treating the information you share with us with care and respect. As we continue to enhance the park experience and develop new ways of interacting with you, we will update this page.The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect Guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.Information We Collect from You Online, The information we collect from you through the Disneyland website or mobile app, the Play Disney Parks app, , or our other online properties (collectively, the “Online Properties”) is handled in accordance with our online privacy policy.Information We May Collect From You When You Visit the Resort, We may also collect certain information from you while you are at select locations throughout the Resort through Online Properties as well as through other means.Learn more about Bluetooth, ®,  Low Energy and how it is used at the Resort.Learn more about what information is collected through your use of Bluetooth Low Energy.
Can I join the virtual queue for 
No. To join the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance, , you—and all members of your party who would like to use the virtual queue—must have entered Disneyland Park.Once you have entered Disneyland Park, you can request to join the virtual queue and be assigned a boarding group, either with the Disneyland app,  or at select locations within the park. Each boarding group may include other Guests, in addition to members of your individual party.Please check the Disneyland app and signs around Disneyland Park to see if the virtual queue is being used when you visit.Admission to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance is subject to capacity. Joining the virtual queue does not guarantee entrance to Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.Learn more about the virtual queue for Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance.
I am an Annual Passholder and the day that I wish to visit Disneyland Park is not a blockout date for my Annual Passport. Will I have guaranteed access to 
Park tickets do not include special provisions for, or guarantee access to, Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge. Admission to Disneyland Park and access to Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge—including participation in its experiences—is subject to capacity constraints and other restrictions, and may be unavailable depending on Guest demand and other factors.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or book your visit today.
Are there significant differences between 
The major offerings will be nearly the same at Disneyland Park,  (located in the Disneyland Resort in California) and Disney’s Hollywood Studios,  (located at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.), Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at the Disneyland Resort,  or Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at Walt Disney World Resort.
Why are the new 
We have always planned on separate opening dates because the construction schedules have been staggered since the announcement of the expansion.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at the Disneyland Resort,  or Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  at Walt Disney World Resort.
Will dining reservations be available for food and beverage locations in 
Reservations will be available for Oga’s Cantina, . For your convenience, there are various quick-service dining options within the land, including:Docking Bay 7 Food and Cargo, Milk Stand, Ronto Roasters, Kat Saka’s Kettle, Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or view all dining options,  located throughout the Disneyland Resort.
Where is 
Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge is located in Disneyland Park.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
Will Disney FASTPASS service be offered for the attractions at 
No. Disney FASTPASS,  service, including availability via Disney MaxPass, , will not initially be offered for Millennium Falcon, : Smugglers Run or Star Wars, : Rise of the Resistance. We will continually evaluate our operations and services in order to help provide a great Guest experience.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
If I purchase a vacation package or stay at a Disneyland Resort hotel, will I get access to 
Disneyland Resort vacation packages or certain hotel stays do not include special provisions for, or guarantee access to, Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge. You will need valid theme park admission to Disneyland Park, but admission to the park—and access to Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge and its experiences—is subject to capacity constraints and other restrictions, and may be unavailable depending on Guest demand and other factors.Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge is not available during Extra Magic Hour,  or Magic Morning at Disneyland Park.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or book your visit today.
Will the Extra Magic Hour or Magic Morning benefits include access to 
Star Wars, : Galaxy's Edge will not be open during Extra Magic Hour,  or Magic Morning, . The new land will be open during normal park operating hours.Learn more about Star War, s: Galaxy’s Edge.
If I purchase a Disneyland Park ticket, will I get guaranteed access to 
Park tickets do not include special provisions for, or guarantee access to, Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge. Admission to Disneyland Park and access to Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge—including participation in its experiences—is subject to capacity constraints and other restrictions, and may be unavailable depending on Guest demand and other factors..Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or buy your tickets today.
I’m driving to the Disneyland Resort. How do I get there?
Get driving directions to the Disneyland Resort. Learn about parking at the Disneyland Resort,  or the ways to get here,  if you do not have access to a car.
Where should I park at the Disneyland Resort?
The Disneyland Resort offers multiple parking areas for our theme parks, Hotels and the Downtown Disney District. Learn more about parking at the Disneyland Resort.Are you planning a trip to the Disneyland Resort? Purchase your tickets,  and Annual Passports,  online!
How far in advance can I make dining reservations?
Reservations are offered up to 60 days in advance at select restaurants,  throughout the Disneyland Resort and, due to limited availability, they are highly recommended.You can make dining reservations online.
What kind of identification do I need to supply if I wish to enjoy an alcoholic beverage at the Disneyland Resort?
Alcoholic beverages may be purchased at the Disneyland Resort by Guests 21 years of age or older. The documents required to verify age vary for United States residents and non-United States residents..United States Residents, United States residents who wish to purchase an alcoholic beverage at the Disneyland Resort must present one of the following forms of identification:Identification card issued by a governmental agency in the United States (Federal, State, Territory,* County, City) that contains the following: Name, Date of birth, Physical description of the person, Photo of the person, Expiration date, Valid active United States Armed Forces ID (must include date of birth and portrait photo), Valid original passport, Temporary driver’s licenses, temporary ID cards and copies of passports, driver’s licenses or ID cards are not acceptable.* United States territories include Puerto Rico, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, United States Virgin Islands and American Samoa.Non-United States Residents, Original passports are the only form of identification acceptable for Guests from outside the United States; non-United States driver’s licenses, ID cards, temporary ID cards and copies of ID cards are not acceptable.View all Disneyland Resort dining options.
How do I cancel a dining reservation at the Disneyland Resort? 
You can cancel your dining reservation online,  or with the Disneyland app.If you have not yet linked your reservation to your Disney account, , you will need to do so before cancelling it online or with the Disneyland app.Restaurants offering advance reservations charge a per person cancellation fee for reservations cancelled after the designated period or for no shows. Each restaurant at the Disneyland Resort maintains its own cancellation policy, so be sure to confirm the policy before finalizing your reservation.When booking online,  or in the Disneyland app, please refer to the cancellation policy provided at the time of booking and in your email confirmation.
Is Character Dining available at the Disneyland Resort?
Yes. You can find a variety of Character Dining,  opportunities at several restaurants across the Disneyland Resort—including locations in Disneyland Park, Disney California Adventure Park,  and the Disneyland Hotel. View all Character Dining locations.Character Dining is very popular and advanced reservations are highly recommended.Learn more about Disney Characters at the Disneyland Resort.
I recently made a dining reservation, but I haven’t received an email confirmation. What should I do?
If you made your dining reservation online,  and haven't received an email confirmation, please check My Reservations.Please note: If you made your dining reservation over the phone or through a travel agent, you will not receive a confirmation email or find it automatically listed on My Reservations.
How do I apply discounts to a mobile order?
You can order at select Disneyland Resort quick-service restaurants using the Disneyland app,  on your mobile device.When making a mobile food or beverage order on the app, any applicable savings will automatically be reflected in your total. Only Annual Passholder and Disney Vacation Club Member discounts are supported at this time. Please keep in mind that not all mobile order-enabled restaurants offer dining discounts.View a complete list of dining locations offering discounts for Passholders.View a complete list of dining locations offering discounts for Disney Vacation Club Members.In order to ensure your Passholder discount is applied, be sure to link your Annual Passport to your Disney account. To do so, tap on the “My Tickets” button on the app main menu, then tap on “Link Tickets & Passes” to add your ID number to your account.For Guests who do not see their Disney Vacation Club Membership discount or are unable to add it, please call Member Services at (800) 800-9800 for assistance.
What does the Disney Check icon mean on menus at Disneyland Resort restaurants?
Disney Check makes it easy to spot food and beverage choices that fit your family’s healthy lifestyle. When you see the Disney Check icon next to specific items on Disneyland Resort restaurant,  menus, you can rest assured that the food you’re looking at is tasty and meets Disney nutritional guidelines!, In addition to Disneyland Resort restaurant menus, you can also find Disney Check icons at Walt Disney World Resort.Learn more about the Disney Check—including specific nutrition guideline information for all food categories.
I’m interested in dining at one of the restaurants at the Downtown Disney District. Do I need to make a reservation?
Most restaurants at the Downtown Disney District,  do not require reservations. However, depending on the location or the date and the time you plan on visiting, reservations may be available and are highly recommended.You can make dining reservations online,  up to 60 days in advance.Learn more about the Downtown Disney District.
Are kosher meals available at Disneyland Resort?
Yes. Kosher meals can be accommodated at select table-service and quick-service restaurants. Kosher meals should be requested 24 hours in advance by calling (714) 781-DINE or (714) 781-3463. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How do I make changes to a dining reservation?
It’s easy to make changes to your Disneyland Resort dining reservations—including your party size and the reservation time or date. You can make changes to a dining reservation online,  or using the Disneyland app.If you wish to use the Disneyland app, tap “My Plans”, tap on the reservation and then tap “Modify”.If you have not yet linked your reservation to your Disney account, , you will need to do so before making changes to it online or with the Disneyland app.Please make changes as soon as possible. We apologize if we cannot make a change due to availability.Don’t have any dining reservations yet? Make your Disneyland Resort dining reservations now!
Can I bring outside food and beverages into Disneyland Park or Disney California Adventure Park?
Guests are allowed to bring outside food and nonalcoholic beverages into the parks for self-consumption, provided they are not in glass containers, do not require heating, reheating, processing or refrigeration and do not have pungent odors. Inform a Security Cast Member of any food items when you enter the park.You may also enjoy your own food and nonalcoholic beverages in an ideal setting at the complimentary picnic area, —conveniently located outside the Main Entrance to Disneyland Park.The Disneyland Resort features a variety of great dining options,  for almost every taste and budget—including a wide range of choices to help accommodate Guests with Special Dietary Requests.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
Can I make a dining reservation at a Disneyland Resort restaurant before I arrive?
Yes. Reservations are offered at select restaurants,  throughout the Disneyland Resort and, due to limited availability, they are highly recommended.You can make dining reservations online,  or call (714) 781-DINE or (714) 781-3463 up to 60 days in advance. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Where can I find information about the shopping, nightlife and entertainment destinations at the Disneyland Resort?
All throughout the Downtown Disney District, , you can discover a variety of different world-class shopping, dining,  and entertainment,  options.
Can Disneyland Resort restaurants accommodate special dietary requests?
Special dietary requests—including food allergies, food intolerances, medically restricted diets and kosher meals—can often be accommodated at table-service restaurants and select quick-service locations.If you make a restaurant reservation online, , please be sure to let us know if you have any food allergies or special requests.
Will dining reservations be available for food and beverage locations in 
Reservations will be available for Oga’s Cantina, . For your convenience, there are various quick-service dining options within the land, including:Docking Bay 7 Food and Cargo, Milk Stand, Ronto Roasters, Kat Saka’s Kettle, Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or view all dining options,  located throughout the Disneyland Resort.
Do you offer any dining plans with your vacation packages?
Sorry, there are no dining plans available with vacation packages at this time.
Do I need a credit card in order to make a dining reservation?
Yes. We require your credit card to make a dining reservation,  and use it as a place holder.Your credit card won't be charged before you dine with us unless you either miss your reservation or do not cancel within the cancellation period. Each restaurant at the Disneyland Resort maintains its own cancellation policy; please check the policy when you make your reservation.For more convenience, add a credit card to your profile, . That makes the process of reserving dining even faster.
Where can I find information about access and services for Guests with disabilities? 
Learn about the Disneyland Resort and Guests with Disabilities.
Where can I rent a wheelchair at the Disneyland Resort theme parks?
Manual wheelchairs,  are available for rent outside the entrance of Disneyland Park,  and can be used in both parks. View the wheelchair rental locations on our interactive map, . A limited number of wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs),  are available for rent on a first-come, first-served basis. Since wheelchairs and ECVs may not be reserved, please plan to arrive early.A limited supply of manual wheelchairs is also available for Guest rental and use at select Disneyland Resort hotel,  locations. However, ECVs are not available for rent at Disneyland Resort hotels, . When you arrive at your hotel, contact the Front Desk or the Concierge to make arrangements for your wheelchair rental.Guests are invited to bring and use their own ECVs and wheelchairs throughout the Disneyland Resort.Learn about the services for Guests with mobility disabilities,  offered by the Disneyland Resort.
Can I rent a wheelchair while I’m staying at one of the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort?
A limited supply of manual wheelchairs is available for Guest rental and use at select Disneyland Resort hotel,  locations. Quantities are limited and subject to availability, so rentals are available on a first come, first served basis. Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs),  are not available for rent at Disneyland Resort hotels, . When you arrive at your hotel, contact the Front Desk or the Concierge to make arrangements for your wheelchair rental.Manual wheelchairs are also available for rent outside the entrance of Disneyland Park,  and can be used in both parks. View the wheelchair rental locations on our interactive map, . A limited number of wheelchairs and Electric Conveyance Vehicles (ECVs) are available for rent on a first-come, first-served basis. Since wheelchairs and ECVs may not be reserved, please plan to arrive early.Explore the services for Guests with mobility disabilities,  offered by the Disneyland Resort.
Does the Disneyland Resort provide pet accommodations?
Yes, the Disneyland Kennel Club,  provides animal daycare for a fee on a first-come, first-served basis. However, no overnight accommodations are available at this time. Please note that the Disneyland Resort Hotels,  do not allow pets; however, they do allow trained service animals.For further information or questions about accommodations for your furry friends, please contact Disneyland Resort Guest Information at (714) 781-4565. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
What kind of babysitting services are available at the Disneyland Resort? 
If you’re staying at any of the 3 hotels at the Disneyland Resort, please check with the Front Desk for information about private third-party providers. Associated costs will be determined by the provider and agreed upon by the Guest, independently of the Disneyland Resort.Guests visiting Disneyland Resort theme parks with babies and toddlers will find convenient Baby Care Centers,  that have facilities for changing, nursing and feeding little ones. Please note that no babysitting is available in the theme parks.
How can I book a stay at a Good Neighbor Hotel?
Review your options and select a Good Neighbor Hotel, . Want to see where the hotels are located? Check out our interactive map.Wondering how to get from here to there? Discover the many ways to get to the Disneyland Resort!
How can I book a vacation package?
You can book a vacation package,  online or by calling the Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How can I cancel a hotel reservation I made online?
To cancel a hotel reservation, call The Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Need to reschedule? Be sure to explore available Disneyland Resort vacation packages,  before you book your visit!
What are the hotel check-in and check-out times?
You can check in anytime to the Disneyland Resort hotels, , but rooms are available after 3:00 PM. Check-out time is by 11:00 AM.If you arrive early to your Disneyland Resort hotel, you can check in, store your luggage at the Bell Desk and enjoy the Disneyland Resort. If you would like to spend a day at the Disneyland Resort after you check out, you are welcome to store your bags at the Bell Desk until you are ready to depart.Please note that check-in and check-out times for Good Neighbor Hotels vary by location. Learn more information about the Good Neighbor Hotels.
Is there a charge to enjoy the entertainment options at the Disneyland Resort hotels?
No. If you are a Guest of one of the Disneyland Resort hotels, , you may enjoy many of the entertainment options at no additional charge. If you are not a Guest of a Disneyland Resort hotel, the entertainment is still complimentary—but you may have to pay the required parking fee.Thinking about booking your next visit? Take a moment to look at available vacation packages,  that combine accommodations, theme park tickets, Disneyland Resort hotel benefits and special surprises!
What is Express Check-Out?
Express Check-Out allows you to checkout of your Disney Resort hotel,  without having to return to the Front Desk. The credit card you used at check-in is billed for your charges or purchases during your stay, and a copy of your bill appears under your door on the morning of your departure.Discover more benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort.
I booked a vacation package over the telephone. Can I pay the remaining balance online?
Yes. Even if you booked a vacation package over the telephone, you may apply additional payments to your package on disneyland.com. Please visit the View Existing Reservations page,  and select the “Make Payment” option to make a payment on your Disneyland Resort vacation package. Full payment is not required until 30 days from arrival.Call the Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060 for additional information about vacation package, . Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Are there benefits to staying at one of the 3 Hotels of the Disneyland Resort?
There are many benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort, , including Extra Magic Hour,  admission.Extra Magic Hour allows Disneyland Resort hotel,  Guests with valid theme park tickets to enjoy early admission to select attractions, in either Disneyland Park,  or Disney California Adventure Park, , during every day of their hotel stay! Extra Magic Hour allows admission to either park one hour prior to the park being opened to the public.Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  will not be available as part of Extra Magic Hour.Learn more about early admission options.
Is there Character Dining at the Disneyland Resort hotels?
There are 3 Character Dining options at the 3 Disneyland Resort hotels:Disney's PCH Grill, Location: Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel, Goofy's Kitchen, Location: Disneyland Hotel, Storytellers Café, Location: Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa, Make reservations online.See the full array of dining options available at all 3 Resort hotels!
Where can I find rates for the Disneyland Resort hotels?
Each of the Disneyland Resort hotels,  is unique and offers different rates. View the rates for the Disney Resort hotels.Deciding which hotel to book? Compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the ideal accommodations for your stay!
Do I need to stay at a Disneyland Resort hotel to eat at the hotel restaurants?
No. The restaurants at the 3 Hotels of the Disneyland Resort,  are open to all Guests.However, if you are planning an overnight visit, consider the many benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort.
What are the dining options at the Disneyland Resort hotels?
There are a variety of dining options at the 3 Hotels at the Disneyland Resort, . Experience an exciting range of choices from coffee houses and lounges to fine dining and elegant atmospheres..Discover all of the amenities, services and other features available and compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the ideal accommodations for your stay!
Will the Extra Magic Hour or Magic Morning benefits include access to 
Star Wars, : Galaxy's Edge will not be open during Extra Magic Hour,  or Magic Morning, . The new land will be open during normal park operating hours.Learn more about Star War, s: Galaxy’s Edge.
Is there transportation from the Disneyland Resort hotels to the theme parks? 
The Disneyland Resort is a pedestrian resort. Disney California Adventure Park,  and Disneyland Park,  are a short stroll through the Downtown Disney District,  from the Disneyland Resort hotels, . The Disneyland Monorail,  stops at nearby Downtown Disney District and at Tomorrowland inside Disneyland Park.Guests staying at Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa can enjoy convenient access into Disney California Adventure Park through an entrance located near the pools at Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa, . Valid theme park admission and active Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel & Spa hotel room key card required.
How can I change or update a hotel reservation or vacation package?
You can call (714) 520-5060,  to change or update your existing hotel reservations or vacation package. Cancellation fees may apply. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I use the services of a Disneyland Resort hotel if I’m not a Guest of the hotel?
The restaurants,  at all 3 Disneyland Resort hotels,  are open to everyone. However, most other services at the Disneyland Hotel, Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel,  and Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa,  are only available to the Guests staying at those hotels, with the following exceptions:If there is a closure or other situation whereby a Guest or Guests have been granted access to services at hotels not specific to where they are staying, they will be duly notified of the temporary policy change.Guests of Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa with valid theme park admission can enter and exit Disney California Adventure Park,  using the entrance conveniently located in Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel & Spa. Active Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel & Spa hotel room key card required.Explore all the amenities and services available and compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the accommodations that are right for you!
How can I view my hotel reservation?
You can view an existing reservation,  for a Disneyland Resort hotel,  package online.Getting ready for your visit? Check out our helpful Pre-Arrival Tips, . Remember to take advantage of all the benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort,  during your trip!
Where is a good place to stay during my visit to the Disneyland Resort?
Compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the one fits your needs or learn about a specific hotel:Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa, Disneyland Hotel, Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel, There are many benefits to staying at the hotels of the Disneyland Resort, . The 3 Hotels at the Disneyland Resort,  offer their own unique features and services.Alternatively, the Disneyland Resort has partnered with more than 35 nearby Good Neighbor Hotels,  to provide Guests convenient access to the theme parks and Downtown Disney District.
Does the entertainment at the Downtown Disney District cater to families as well as young adults and couples?
The Downtown Disney District,  offers something for everyone! Browse one-of-a-kind boutiques, please any palate at one of the many restaurants, get your game on at Splitsville Luxury Lanes,  and enjoy a wide variety of family-fun attractions.
What is the Downtown Disney District?
The Downtown Disney District,  is an exciting dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  promenade located adjacent to Disney California Adventure Park,  and Disneyland Park.
What are the hours for the Downtown Disney District?
Visit our Park Hours,  section for the schedule of entertainment and events. The Downtown Disney District,  is open every day of the year.Browse the dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  at the Downtown Disney District!
Where is the Downtown Disney District located?
The Downtown Disney District,  is conveniently located within walking distance of Disney California Adventure Park, Disneyland Park,  and the Disneyland Resort hotels. , Enjoy 3 hours of parking when you make a $20 minimum purchase and receive validation from any Downtown Disney location (including quick-service restaurants, merchandise locations and kiosks)—or up to 5 hours of parking with validation from any Downtown Disney table-service restaurant.Beyond these validations, each additional hour costs $14, charged in 30-minute increments, with a minimum $7 charge after the initial 15-minute grace period. Additionally, the maximum daily parking and lost ticket fee is $56. Parking is subject to capacity.Explore the dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  at the Downtown Disney District.
Is there a separate entrance fee for the Downtown Disney District?
No, there is not a separate entrance fee for the Downtown Disney District at the Disneyland Resort,  in California.The Downtown Disney District,  is conveniently located within walking distance of Disney California Adventure Park, Disneyland Park,  and the Disneyland Resort hotels, . Enjoy 3 hours of parking when you make a $20 minimum purchase and receive validation from any Downtown Disney location (including quick-service restaurants, merchandise locations and kiosks)—or up to 5 hours of parking with validation from any Downtown Disney table-service restaurant.Beyond these validations, each additional hour costs $14, charged in 30-minute increments, with a minimum $7 charge after the initial 15-minute grace period. Additionally, the maximum daily parking and lost ticket fee is $56. Parking is subject to capacity.Visit the Downtown Disney District for unique dining, entertainment,  and shopping!
Whom can I contact for general Downtown Disney District inquiries?
Contact Disneyland Resort Guest Information at (714) 781-INFO or (714) 781-4636.
Do I need to make restaurant reservations?
Not all restaurants at the Downtown Disney District,  require reservations. However, depending on the restaurant and the date and the time you plan on visiting, it may be a good idea to make reservations in advance.Book dining reservations online, , for most restaurants, up to 60 days in advance.
What security measures do you have in place?
We have a comprehensive approach to security that includes measures that are visible and others that are not, including the presence of uniformed police officers. We do not broadly discuss the specifics of our security procedures to avoid compromising their effectiveness.
Can I walk to the Downtown Disney District from the Disney theme parks or hotels?
The Downtown Disney District,  is conveniently located within walking distance of Disney California Adventure Park, Disneyland Park,  and the Disneyland Resort hotels. , Enjoy 3 hours of parking when you make a $20 minimum purchase and receive validation from any Downtown Disney location (including quick-service restaurants, merchandise locations and kiosks)—or up to 5 hours of parking with validation from any Downtown Disney table-service,  restaurant.Beyond these validations, each additional hour costs $14, charged in 30-minute increments, with a minimum $7 charge after the initial 15-minute grace period. Additionally, the maximum daily parking and lost ticket fee is $56. Parking is subject to capacity.Learn more about all the exciting dining, entertainment,  and shopping,  options at the Downtown Disney District!
How do I view my Disney PhotoPass photos?
Log into your Disney account and link your vacation photos,  by entering the unique ID found on any of the following items:Your Disney PhotoPass card or cards, Your Annual Passport (a Disney PhotoPass Photographer needs to scan your Passport at time of capture), Once you’ve linked your Disney PhotoPass photos to your Disney account, you’ll be able to preview your photos on disneyland.com,  or with the Disneyland app, . The photos in your gallery are available to purchase as downloads or prints.Interested in getting your vacation photos for one price?,  Learn more about the Disney MaxPass,  feature and Disney PhotoPass+ One Week. 
Can I download more than one Disney PhotoPass photo at a time?
Yes, you can. You may select as many photos as you want to download at once. Get started now!
How do I download my Disney PhotoPass photos?
You can preview, purchase and download your photos on disneyland.com,  or with the Disneyland app, . You may purchase individual downloads of your Disney PhotoPass photos or get downloads of your photos with the purchase of the Disney MaxPass,  feature (includes photos captured during a single day) or Disney PhotoPass+ One Week,  (includes photos captured during 7 consecutive days).If you have not already done so, you will need to link your vacation photos to your Disney account,  by entering the unique ID found on any of the following items:Your Disney PhotoPass card or cards, Your Annual Passport (a Disney PhotoPass Photographer needs to scan your Passport at time of capture), Once you’ve linked your Disney PhotoPass photos, you’ll be able to preview them. All of the photos in your gallery are available to purchase as downloads or prints.Disney MaxPass is nonrefundable and subject to restrictions and change without notice.Disney PhotoPass service is subject to the Disney PhotoPass Terms and Conditions, , and your ability to download your photos will expire in accordance with the Disney PhotoPass Expiration Policy.Message, data and roaming rates may apply for Disneyland App. Availability subject to handset limitations and features may vary by handset or service provider. Coverage not available everywhere. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first.
I used my Disney PhotoPass photos to create products on the EZ Prints website. What should I do if I have a question or if there is a problem with my order?
Please contact EZ Prints customer service,  with all inquiries.
Why are some images missing from my Disney PhotoPass gallery when I view it on the EZ Prints website?
Some properties and Characters that might be photographed at the Disneyland Resort (e.g., Star Wars,  locations) are protected by licensing arrangements that limit Disney’s ability to transfer their images to EZ Prints for certain uses, such as including them in products that also feature characters and/or designs owned by different brands.
Where can I find Disney PhotoPass Photographers?
Disney PhotoPass Photographers can be located on the Disneyland Resort map, . You can also find them using the Disneyland mobile app.All Disney PhotoPass Photographers use professional-quality, digital cameras and wear Cast Member name tags, making them easy to identify.Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park,  guide maps pinpoint some of the places where you can find Disney PhotoPass Photographers, and they can also be found at many Disney Character Greeting locations, as well as at select Disneyland Resort hotel,  locations and events.At Disneyland Park:A-Wing / X-Wing, Garrison, Main Street, U.S.A. Train Station, Mickey’s House Character Experience, Millennium Falcon, Minnie’s House Character Experience, Partners Statue, Pixie Hollow Character Experience, Royal Hall Character Experience, Sleeping Beauty Castle, Town Square, Winnie the Pooh Character Experience, At Disney California Adventure Park:Anna & Elsa’s Royal Welcome Character Experience, Buena Vista Street, Buena Vista Street Character Experience, Cars Land Character Experience, Cars Land Entrance, Grizzly Peak Airfield Character Experience, Hollywood Boulevard Character Experience, Pixar Pier Bridge, Pixar Pier Character Experiences, Super Hero Character Experiences, Route 66, Storytellers Statue, Toy Story Character Experience, Disney PhotoPass Photographers availability may vary.
I'm visiting with a group. Can we get the same Disney PhotoPass photo added to our PhotoPass cards or Disney accounts?
Yes, ask the Disney PhotoPass Photographer to add your photo to each group member’s Disney PhotoPass ID. The photographer will scan each ID, so that each Guest in your party can preview and purchase the image in their Disney PhotoPass gallery.
I lost my Disney PhotoPass card. Can I still view my photos?
If you lost your Disney PhotoPass card, please fill out the information in the Lost Disney PhotoPass Form,  and we will do everything possible to help find your vacation photos and other digital content. We cannot guarantee that your photos will be recovered, but we will try our best!, If your lost card was already linked to your Disney account, you can still view your photos when you log in and go to PhotoPass.
Can I link more than one Disney PhotoPass card to my Disney account?
Yes. You can link as many Disney PhotoPass,  cards to your Disney account as you wish. Enter the number from each card, and the photos from each will appear together in your Disney account. 
How do I get a Disney PhotoPass card?
When you get your picture taken by a Disney PhotoPass Photographer at locations throughout the parks, , you’ll receive a Disney PhotoPass card coded with a unique ID. There is no charge for the card and you may reuse it for as many Disney PhotoPass opportunities as you want. You can preview your photos online or through the Disneyland app. Enter your Disney PhotoPass ID and you’ll be able to see all the pictures associated with it.Interested in downloading your favorite photos for one price? Learn more about purchasing Disney PhotoPass+ One Week,  or the Disney MaxPass,  feature.
I purchased my Disney PhotoPass Collection + Disc at a PhotoPass Sales Center inside the Disneyland Resort. Can I download my photos?
Yes. If you provided your Disney PhotoPass QR code, located in your Disneyland mobile app, during your onsite purchase—you will be able to download all of your PhotoPass photos in your PhotoPass gallery,  at of the time of purchase.If you chose not to provide your Disney PhotoPass QR code during your onsite purchase, or declined to sign up for a Disney account at the time of purchase, your PhotoPass photos will not be available for digital download in your PhotoPass gallery.Important Information The Disney PhotoPass Collection + Disc is intended for your personal use only and is subject to the PhotoPass Terms and Conditions.
I’ve linked my Disney PhotoPass Collection code to my Disney account, but I can’t see my photos and videos. What should I do?
Please link all vacation photos and videos,  associated with your PhotoPass ID(s) and Attraction ID(s) to your account before entering your Disney PhotoPass Collection code. Once you have linked all of your PhotoPass photos, please enter your Disney PhotoPass Collection code to view and download your photos and videos.If you submitted your Disney PhotoPass Collection code prior to linking your PhotoPass ID(s) and Attraction ID(s), please contact PhotoPass Guest Support at (407) 560-4300 for assistance.
How can I find my lost or missing Disney PhotoPass photos?
If you are missing photos captured today, please allow up to 24 hours for your photos to appear in your Disney account.Expired photos will no longer be available in the system. Please see our Expiration Policy,  for further details.If your photos were taken more than 24 hours ago, and you are not able to see your photos in your account, please fill out the information in the Lost Disney PhotoPass Form.If you have a Disney Signature, Disney Signature Plus or Disney Premier Annual Passport that you used used to link your Disney PhotoPass pictures, be sure to include the Disney PhotoPass ID from your passport on the form, along with the other information requested.If you used a Disney PhotoPass card, enter the ID from the card on the form, along with the other information requested, and we will do everything possible to help find your vacation photos.Note: If you can provide details on the form, such as dates and times the photos were taken, and a description of the missing photos, it will help us search for them.Lost Disney PhotoPass Card,  If you lost your Disney PhotoPass card, please fill out the information in the Lost Disney PhotoPass Form,  and we will do everything possible to help find your vacation photos and other digital content. We cannot guarantee that your photos will be recovered, but we will try our best!, If your lost card was already linked to your Disney account, you can still view your photos when you log in and go to PhotoPass.
How can I use Disney PhotoPass with my Annual Passport?
If your Annual Passport includes a Disney PhotoPass downloads benefit, all you need to do is link your Annual Passport and your Disney PhotoPass photos to your Disney account,  and view and download eligible photos on disneyland.com,  or with the Disneyland app.If your Annual Passport does not include a Disney PhotoPass benefit, you can get all of your Disney PhotoPass photos from a single day when you purchase the Disney MaxPass,  feature as a daily add-on for $20 via the Disneyland app or as an annual add-on for $125 at any Main Entrance ticket booth.Disney MaxPass is nonrefundable and subject to restrictions and change without notice. Disney PhotoPass service is subject to the Disney PhotoPass Terms and Conditions,  and your ability to download your photos will expire in accordance with the Disney PhotoPass Expiration Policy.The cost of the annual Disney MaxPass feature cannot be pro-rated for Annual Passports expiring in less than a year and expires when your Annual Passport expires.Message, data and roaming rates may apply for Disneyland App. Availability subject to handset limitations and features may vary by handset or service provider. Coverage not available everywhere. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first.
What is the difference between Disney MaxPass and Disney PhotoPass+ One Week? 
These are 2 digital products that offer you the chance to download, save and share your Disney PhotoPass photos—either for one day (Disney MaxPass) or 7 consecutive days (Disney PhotoPass+ One Week).Disney MaxPass,  When you add this feature to your theme park ticket, you’ll be able to download all of your Disney PhotoPass photos captured during the entire day in which your ticket was used for admission into the park—including photos taken at Character Dining experiences or on select attractions as well as those featuring Magic Shot overlays. It also gives you the opportunity to reserve digital Disney FASTPASS,  selections right from your mobile device using the Disneyland app,  while in the parks.Learn more about Disney MaxPass.Please check the day’s FASTPASS availability before purchasing Disney MaxPass. FASTPASS selections are limited and not guaranteed. Disney MaxPass is nonrefundable and subject to restrictions and change without notice.Disney PhotoPass+ One Week,  This package allows you to download all of your Disney PhotoPass photos captured over 7 consecutive days—including photos taken at Character Dining experiences or on select attractions as well as those featuring Magic Shot overlays.Buy Disney PhotoPass+ One Week. , PhotoPass photos must be linked to your Disney account to be downloaded. Disney PhotoPass service is subject to the Disney PhotoPass Terms and Conditions, , and your ability to download your photos will expire in accordance with the Disney PhotoPass Expiration Policy.
How long will my Disney PhotoPass photos be available in my Disney account? 
You can preview, purchase and download photos in your Disney account pursuant to the Disney PhotoPass Expiration Policy.
Where can I purchase Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani?
You can buy Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani at Kālepa's Store, , located near the Maka‘ala lobby on the ‘Ewa Tower side. Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani is not available for purchase online.
Can I purchase individual downloads of Disney PhotoPass photos?
Yes. You may choose as few or as many Disney PhotoPass photos as you wish, and pay only for the photos you want to download.
I purchased my Disney PhotoPass Collection at a PhotoPass Sales Center inside the Disneyland Resort. How can I download my photos?
After linking all your vacation photos and videos associated with your PhotoPass ID(s) and Attraction ID(s) to your account, enter your Disney PhotoPass Collection code at Disneyland.com,  and submit. Your code is the 16-character combination of letters and numbers printed on the inside of your booklet, included in the CD case. Submitting your code will allow you to download only the available photos and videos linked to your account.Important Information   Please note that this code is for one-time use only. Be sure to link all vacation photos and videos,  associated with your PhotoPass ID(s) and Attraction ID(s) to your account before entering your code. Submitting your code will allow you to download only the available photos and videos linked to your account.The Disney PhotoPass Collection is intended for your personal use only and is subject to the PhotoPass Terms and Conditions.
How do I share my Disney PhotoPass photos?
You can share your photos easily, using Facebook. Use the Facebook button found below the enlarged preview image. Confirm that you want to post the photo, and it will appear on your Facebook page.
How do I view my Disney PhotoPass photos?
Log into your Disney account and link your vacation photos,  by entering the unique ID found on any of the following items:Your Disney PhotoPass card or cards, Your Annual Passport (a Disney PhotoPass Photographer needs to scan your Passport at time of capture), Once you’ve linked your Disney PhotoPass photos to your Disney account, you’ll be able to preview your photos on disneyland.com,  or with the Disneyland app, . The photos in your gallery are available to purchase as downloads or prints.Interested in getting your vacation photos for one price?,  Learn more about the Disney MaxPass,  feature and Disney PhotoPass+ One Week. 
What is Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani?
With Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani, you can download the photos in your Disney account that were taken at Aulani Resort from 29 days before your purchase until 29 days after your purchase. You can buy Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani at Kālepa's,  Store.Linking Photos to Your Disney Account, Pick up a Disney PhotoPass card free-of-charge from one of our photographers. As we capture the magical moments of your vacation, the card will link your photos to your online Disney account, where you can view them in your gallery. With Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani, you can download and share all these photo memories for one price.Photos will expire pursuant to the expiration policy,  for Disney PhotoPass Service and Products at Aulani Resort outlined in the Terms and Conditions below. Not responsible for missing, lost or damaged photos.Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani excludes photos or other digital content captured during dining experiences (including Disney Character Breakfasts, Menehune Mischief Character Dinners and the Ka Wa‘A Lu‘au), photo scavenger hunts, instructor-guided photo tours, Painting with Light classes and private portrait sessions. Also excluded are photos and video taken by the Disney Event Group (including, but not limited to, Disney Fairy Tale Weddings photos and group and convention photos) or by third-party operators. These items must be purchased separately.View Disney PhotoPass+ Aulani Terms and Conditions.
When can I begin downloading my Disney PhotoPass photos?
Allow up to 24 hours after your photos were captured before they are added to your account.Guests with a Disney Signature, Disney Signature Plus or Disney Premier Annual Passport, Sign in,  to your Disney account and enter the Disney PhotoPass ID on your Disney Signature, Disney Signature Plus or Disney Premier Annual Passport or your Disney PhotoPass card. Your photos will then be available to download until they expire, 365 days after capture. For more details, please see the Disney PhotoPass , Expiration Policy. Guests who do not have a Disney Signature, Disney Signature Plus or Disney Premier Annual Passport,  If you do not have one of the qualifying annual passports listed above, , Sign in,  to your account on Disneyland.com and enter the number on your Disney PhotoPass card. Once you see the watermarked images in your gallery, you can purchase as many as you wish to download. Those photos will then be available to download until they expire, 45 days after capture. For more details, please see the , Expiration Policy, . The photos in your gallery are also available to purchase as prints.
What kind of accessible seating is available for World of Color? 
The World of Color,  viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park is designed for standing. A limited number of benches are available for Guests who may have difficulty standing.Each section of the viewing area has space for wheelchairs and Guests with mobility disabilities, . Although there are some stairs in the Paradise Gardens Park viewing area, there are also ramps connecting the area's different terraces.The reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  is available to Guests with Disney FASTPASS tickets,  for World of Color or a special voucher that is included in World of Color dining packages.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets!
Do I need to purchase a separate ticket to view World of Color?
No. You do not need to purchase a separate ticket to view World of Color, . You do need valid theme park admission to , Disney California Adventure Park, —either a theme park ticket,  or a Disneyland Resort Annual Passport,  that is not blocked out on the day you wish to visit.To access the reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure, , you will need either a valid Disney FASTPASS ticket,  for World of Color or a special voucher that is included in World of Color dining packages.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Are assistive listening devices available for World of Color?
Yes. Disney's Handheld Devices, which provide assistive listening, can be used in select locations within the World of Color,  viewing area. You can get a device at the Guest Relations Lobby,  inside Disney California Adventure Park,  (deposit required).Learn more about services for Guests with hearing disabilities.
Where is the nearest Baby Care Center to the World of Color viewing area? 
The nearest Baby Care Center,  is located in Pacific Wharf near Ghirardelli Soda Fountain and Chocolate Shop, —a short walk east from the World of Color,  reserved viewing area.The reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  is available to Guests with Disney FASTPASS tickets,  for World of Color or a special voucher that is included in World of Color dining packages.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Do any attractions close during World of Color?
Yes. To offer Guests the best possible viewing experience, some attractions close prior to the first World of Color,  show—similar to Fantasyland attractions and Mickey's Toontown closing prior to the Disneyland Park fireworks.Attractions closing for World of Color include:Games of Pixar Pier, Golden Zephyr, Incredicoaster, Jumpin' Jellyfish, Pixar Pal-A-Round, Silly Symphony Swings, Attraction availability is subject to change. Some Pixar Pier and Paradise Gardens Park food and merchandise locations may also close.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
What number can I call if I have a question about World of Color?
Please call Guest Services at (714) 781-4565. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you have not already, we recommend that you review the World of Color frequently asked questions,  in the Disneyland Help Center, . You might find the answer to your question without calling!, View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
What is World of Color?
World of Color,  is an outdoor, 28-minute nighttime spectacular show in Disney California Adventure Park,  that features memorable Disney and Disney•Pixar film moments projected on an immense water screen, plus fantastic fire, fountain, fog and laser effects—all set to a soaring soundtrack.World of Color takes place outdoors on Paradise Bay. There is a reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  for Guests with Disney FASTPASS tickets,  for World of Color or a special voucher that is included in World of Color dining packages.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
What is the difference between a Disney FASTPASS ticket and a World of Color Dining Package voucher?
Disney FASTPASS service,  distributes same-day World of Color,  tickets—while supplies last—for access to the reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure, . There is no additional charge to use Disney FASTPASS service.World of Color Dining Packages,  include a voucher to view the show from the reserved viewing area. Reservations for these packages can be made up to 60 days prior to your visit. Advance reservations are highly recommended; please book online, . Space and quantities are limited.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
What do I receive when I purchase a World of Color Dining Package?
Each World of Color Dining Package,  includes:Full-service, 3-course (starter, entrée and dessert) meal from a prix-fixe menu during lunch or dinner (depending on the location) at one of these participating restaurants: Wine Country Trattoria,  and Carthay Circle Restaurant, A non-alcoholic beverage, One voucher for admission to the reserved viewing location that reserves, in advance, your spot in the Paradise Gardens Park World of Color,  viewing area, Dining package prices include tax, but exclude park admission, gratuity or alcohol. The reserved World of Color viewing area is not the dining venue.Advance reservations are highly recommended; please book online, . Space and quantities are limited.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Where can I purchase Made with Magic Items?
All Made with Magic Items—formerly known as the Glow With The Show Ear Hats—are available at World of Disney,  in the Downtown Disney District, , on the Shop Disney Parks,  app and web store and at select Disney California Adventure Park,  locations, including:Los Feliz Five & Dime on Buena Vista Street, Off the Page in Hollywood Land, Seaside Souvenirs in Paradise Gardens Park, Many merchandise carts, The original Glow With The Show Ear Hat has been updated with interactive Bluetooth® technology. The new Made with Magic 3.0: Connected Ear Hat lights up and interacts with World of Color,  and Fireworks at Disneyland Park, —it can also connect with the Shop Disney Parks app anytime. The in-app Color Remote allows Guests to control and change the color of their ears and the speed of the hat’s strobe.Having trouble getting your Made with Magic 3.0: Connected Ear Hats working? Check out the official manual,  for more details.Planning on visiting Walt Disney World Resort,  in Florida? Remember to take your Made with Magic items, as they interact with select entertainment offerings in Walt Disney World Resort,  as well as the Disneyland Resort.
I don't have a Disney FASTPASS selection or a World of Color Dining Package voucher. Can I arrive early and save a space at the Paradise Gardens Park viewing area?
In order to prepare for World of Color, , Guests must leave Paradise Park a few hours before each day's first showtime. Entry for the show will begin during the first designated FASTPASS,  arrival window.Guests without a FASTPASS selection or dining package voucher may view the show from other, non-reserved locations around Paradise Bay.Guests can make advance reservations to see the show when they book a World of Color Dining Package, . Each package includes one voucher that allows entrance to the reserved viewing area for that night’s show. Please book your dining package online,  up to 60 days prior to your visit. Space and quantities are limited, and dining packages are nonrefundable. Separate theme park admission required and other restrictions apply. World of Color may be cancelled due to technical issues or otherwise.Disney MaxPass, World of Color FASTPASS selections can now be made through the Disneyland app when Disney MaxPass,  is purchased.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Can I get a Disney FASTPASS selection for someone else to watch World of Color?
Each Guest must be present—along with his or her valid theme park admission ticket,  or Annual Passport, —upon entry to Disney California Adventure Park, . Once inside the park, one member of your party may make FASTPASS,  selections for everyone in your group.To receive a same-day World of Color FASTPASS selection, please insert your valid theme park ticket or Annual Passport into one of the FASTPASS machines located near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure, . You can make one FASTPASS selection per valid theme park ticket or Annual Passport. FASTPASS selections are subject to availability, so please make your selections as early as possible.Guests with Disney FASTPASS,  selections have access to a reserved World of Color viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.Disney MaxPass,  World of Color FASTPASS selections can now be made through the Disneyland app when , Disney MaxPass,  is purchased.Please Check Our Park Rules,  We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort park rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our park rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at the Disneyland Resort.
How long is World of Color?
World of Color,  lasts approximately 28 minutes.The amazing nighttime spectacular takes place outdoors on Paradise Bay in Disney California Adventure Park, . There is a reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  for Guests with , Disney FASTPASS tickets, for World of Color,  or a special voucher that is included in World of Color dining packages.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
What kind of dining options are located near World of Color?
View the full list of dining options at Disney California Adventure Park.If you’re interested in dinner and a show, World of Color Dining Packages,  offer access to a reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure.Please book your dining package online,  or call (714) 781-DINE or (714) 781-3463 up to 60 days prior to your visit. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call. Space and quantities are limited.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Is World of Color suitable for young children?
World of Color,  is designed for the entire family. However, it does contain fire, strobe effects, lasers, loud noises and rapidly changing scenes of light and dark, which might be too intense for some Guests.World of Color is an outdoor, 28-minute nighttime spectacular show in Disney California Adventure Park,  that features memorable Disney and Disney•Pixar film moments projected on an immense water screen, plus fantastic fire, fountain, fog and laser effects—all set to a soaring soundtrack.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Where is World of Color located?
World of Color,  takes place outdoors on Paradise Bay in Disney California Adventure Park,  at the Disneyland Resort. There is a reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  for Guests with Disney FASTPASS tickets, for World of Color,  or a special voucher that is included in World of Color dining packages.View the World of Color location on our interactive map, , check out the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Where can I purchase World of Color souvenir merchandise?
World of Color,  merchandise—including apparel, hats, light-up souvenirs and much more—is available inside Disney California Adventure Park,  at:Elias & Co.Seaside Souvenirs, Trolley Treats, World of Disney, World of Color merchandise is also available at World of Disney,  in the Downtown Disney District.
Are there stairs getting to and from the World of Color viewing area?
Yes. However, while there are some stairs in the Paradise Gardens Park World of Color,  viewing area, there are also ramps connecting the area's different terraces.The World of Color,  viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park is designed for standing. A limited number of benches are available for Guests who may have difficulty standing.Each section of the viewing area has space for wheelchairs and Guests with mobility disabilities.The reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  is available to Guests with Disney FASTPASS tickets,  for World of Color or a special voucher that is included in World of Color dining packages.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Can I exchange my Disney FASTPASS ticket or World of Color Dining Package voucher for a different show time or section?
No. Disney FASTPASS tickets,  and World of Color Dining Package,  vouchers are non-transferable and may not be exchanged.However, please be assured that the reserved viewing area in Paradise Gardens Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  was expertly designed to provide good views of World of Color,  from every location. Section assignments are distributed based on availability and are subject to change without notice.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
Will I get wet during World of Color?
While World of Color,  is not intended to soak viewers, you may get wet.Guests in the reserved viewing area,  may choose where to stand, based on availability. Guests who stand closer to the water's edge are most likely to get wet. However, due to the nature of the show and the height of the fountains, other Guests may also get wet. Look for signs in the reserved viewing area that indicate wetter areas.World of Color is an outdoor, 28-minute nighttime spectacular show in Disney California Adventure Park,  that features memorable Disney and Disney•Pixar film moments projected on an immense water screen, plus fantastic fire, fountain, fog and laser effects—all set to a soaring soundtrack.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.
How do I get a Disney FASTPASS selection for World of Color?
To receive a same-day World of Color FASTPASS selection, please insert your valid theme park admission ticket or Annual Passport into one of the Disney FASTPASS machines located near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure,  inside Disney California Adventure Park.FASTPASS selections are subject to availability, so please make your selections as early as possible.Guests with FASTPASS selections have access to a reserved World of Color viewing area in Paradise Park near The Little Mermaid ~ Ariel's Undersea Adventure.View the latest Disneyland Resort entertainment schedule,  or purchase park tickets.Disney MaxPass, World of Color FASTPASS selections can now be made through the Disneyland app when , Disney MaxPass,  is purchased.Learn more about Disney FASTPASS Service.
How do I link my Disney PhotoPass photos to my Disney account so that I can view them?
It’s fast and easy to link photos to your Disney account:Ask Disney PhotoPass Photographers to either scan your Disney PhotoPass card or the code on your phone. Be sure to also link your Disney PhotoPass card to your Disney account.Enter the ID code for attraction photos in the Disneyland app, . You’ll find the 8-character code on the photo monitor near where you exit the attraction. Ask a Cast Member for help if you cannot locate your photo.Once your photos are linked, you can view them on disneyland.com,  or with the Disneyland app.
How do I purchase Disney MaxPass for an Annual Passport?
The Disney MaxPass feature,  is available when you purchase,  or renew,  your non-expired Annual Passport on disneyland.com, the official Disneyland app or at a Disneyland Resort Ticket Booth, Guests with a valid Disney Southern California Passport, Disney Southern California Select Passport, Disney Flex Passport, Disney Deluxe Passport or Disney Signature Passport may purchase the Disney MaxPass feature as an annual add-on for $125 at any Disneyland Resort Ticket Booth or as a daily add-on for $20 through the Disneyland app. The Disney MaxPass feature is an included benefit with the Disney Signature Plus Passport and the Disney Premier Passport.The cost of the annual Disney MaxPass feature cannot be prorated for Annual Passports expiring in less than a year, and the feature expires when your Annual Passport expires. View full Annual Passport Terms and Conditions.Learn more about Disney MaxPass.Disney FASTPASS service and Disney MaxPass are unavailable for attractions in Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
How do I purchase and use Disney MaxPass if I already have theme park tickets?
Please follow these steps to purchase and use Disney MaxPass,  if you already have tickets:Download the Disneyland app.Enter the park you wish to visit using your tickets.Open the Disneyland app.Tap the + icon at the bottom of the screen.Tap “Get FASTPASS with Disney MaxPass”.Learn how to purchase and use Disney MaxPass if you have not yet purchased theme park tickets.Disney FASTPASS service and Disney MaxPass are unavailable for attractions in Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
How do I purchase and use Disney MaxPass if I have not yet purchased theme park tickets?
Please follow these steps to purchase and use Disney MaxPass,  if you have not yet purchased tickets:Purchase tickets on disneyland.com,  with the Disney MaxPass feature for your party.Download the Disneyland app.Enter the park you wish to visit using the tickets.Open the Disneyland app.Tap the + icon at the bottom of the screen.Tap “Get FASTPASS with Disney MaxPass”.Learn how to purchase and use Disney MaxPass if you have already purchased theme park tickets.Disney FASTPASS service and Disney MaxPass are unavailable for attractions in Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge.
What are the benefits of owning an Annual Passport?
Annual Passports provide the ability to visit one or both parks—Disneyland Park or Disney California Adventure Park—on select days all year long! Plus, depending on the type, each Annual Passport allows you to enjoy select offers, discounts, insider information and invitations to events.Learn more about Annual Passports.
If my Annual Passport is blocked out on a day that I wish to visit the parks, can I purchase a Blockout Day ticket?
No. Blockout Day tickets are no longer available at the Disneyland Resort, but you may wish to purchase a one- or multi-day park admission ticket.Want to visit Disneyland Resort theme parks on a blockout day? Based on your Passport type, you may be able to visit one of the parks or may want to consider upgrading your Annual Passport,  to an Annual Passport that is not blocked out at one or both of the parks.If your Annual Passport includes parking, the parking amenity is valid as long as your Passport is not blocked out at both parks. Please check each park’s blockout calendar,  for your Passport type to view park-specific blockout dates. If you upgrade your Passport on a day it is blocked out at both parks, you can be reimbursed for parking for that day if you upgrade,  to one of the following Annual Passports that includes parking:Disney Premier Passport, Disney Signature Plus Annual Passport, Disney Signature Annual Passport (parking reimbursement is not available on Disney Signature Annual Passport blockout dates), To receive your reimbursement, please park,  in one of these pay-on-entry parking lots:Toy Story Parking Area, Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, Pumbaa Parking Area, And, on the same day, visit the Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to upgrade your Passport—present your paid parking ticket during the transaction and you will be reimbursed for the standard parking cost for that day.View Annual Passport blockout dates,  or learn more about Annual Passports.
Where can I find a list of the current Annual Passport blockout and “Reservation Required” dates?
Check the calendar,  for park-specific blockout dates and “Good to Go” dates. For the Disney Flex Passport, the calendar will also show “Reservation Required” dates.Learn more about the Disney Flex Passport.Want to visit Disneyland Resort theme parks on a blockout day? Based on your Passport type, you may be able to visit one of the parks or may want to consider upgrading your Annual Passport,  to an Annual Passport that is not blocked out at one or both of the parks.If your Annual Passport includes parking, the parking amenity is valid as long as your Passport is not blocked out at both parks. Please check each park’s blockout calendar,  for your Passport type to view park-specific blockout dates. If you upgrade,  your Passport on a day it is blocked out at both parks, you can be reimbursed for parking for that day if you upgrade to one of the following Annual Passports that includes parking:Disney Premier Passport, Disney Signature Plus Annual Passport, Disney Signature Annual Passport (parking reimbursement is not available on Disney Signature Annual Passport blockout dates), To receive your reimbursement, please park,  in one of these pay-on-entry parking lots:Toy Story Parking Area, Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, Pumbaa Parking Area, And, on the same day, visit the Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to upgrade your Passport—present your paid parking ticket during the transaction and you will be reimbursed for the standard parking cost for that day.Learn more about Annual Passports.
How can I change the address associated with my Annual Passport?
For your convenience, you may update your address at the Disneyland Main Entrance Ticket Booth or by writing to:Disneyland Resort Annual Passport Program  ATTN: Address Change  P.O. Box 61094  Anaheim, CA 92803-6194, Please include in your letter:Your name and that of any other Annual Passholder or Passholders in your household, Your old address, Your new address and phone number, Please report a change in your address as soon as possible.Learn more about Annual Passports.
What communications do Annual Passholders receive?
Annual Passholders are eligible to receive periodic mailers and newsletters and other communications about the Disneyland Resort and other Disney affiliated products and services—including information about events, products, opportunities, services and special offers and discounts available to Passholders.Passholders may also be sent information about special events, products, services and offers based on their activities at the Disneyland Resort (e.g., purchase transactions, Disney FASTPASS usage, etc.). These communications may be sent by postal mail (one mailing per Passholder household/address) or by email, based on the contact information provided to the Passport program.Passholders may receive these communications from any of the subsidiary and affiliated entities of The Walt Disney Company. You may choose to not receive these communications by signing into your Disney account,  and changing your preferences. , Learn more about Annual Passports.
Where can I find important details about my Annual Passport—such as my pass type and expiration date—on disneyland.com?
To view important details about your Annual Passport, simply sign in or create an account on disneyland.com. After signing in, visit Annual Passholder Today,  to find your pass information—including the expiration date and pass type—located directly beneath your welcome greeting.If you have added an Annual Passport on disneyland.com in the past, you will be able to view details concerning your pass here. If you do not see your pass, please select “Add a Pass to My Account” and follow the instructions to add your Annual Passport.Learn more about Annual Passports at the Disneyland Resort.
How do I link my Disneyland Annual Passport to my Disney account?
To get the most out of your Annual Passport, please link your Annual Passport on disneyland.com,  or in the Disneyland app.How to Link Your Annual Passport in the Disneyland App, Download the Disneyland app from the iOS App,  Store or Google Play.Open the Disneyland app.Tap on the bottom, left tab with the home icon.Tap “My Tickets”.If you already have linked tickets or Annual Passports, tap the “+” icon on the top of the screen.Tap “Link Tickets & Passes”.If you are not already signed into your Disney account, you will be prompted to do so. You can also create a new account from within the app.Benefits of Linking Your Annual Passport, Linking your Annual Passport in the Disneyland app allows you to use the app for park admission on days when your pass is valid, , receive applicable discounts on mobile food and beverage orders,  and may allow you to renew within the app. Linking your Annual Passport on disneyland.com may allow you to renew your Annual Passport on the site,  and take advantage of available offers,  and discounts.If you don’t already have an Annual Passport, you can purchase yours online today!
What should I do if my Annual Passport is lost or stolen?
Please report the situation as soon as possible to a Main Entrance Ticket Booth at the Disneyland Resort or contact the Annual Passholder Hotline at (714) 781-4546. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If your Annual Passport is lost or stolen, you will be required to pay a non-refundable fee of $20 for your Annual Passport replacement. The fee may be waived if a copy of a police report is shown. Minors must be accompanied by a parent or guardian to receive a replacement Passport.If your Annual Passport is in good standing and you forgot to bring it to the Disneyland Resort on a visit, you will be provided one courtesy admission for the year.Learn more about Annual Passports.
I purchased my Disneyland Resort Annual Passport using the Monthly Payments option. How do I change my billing method or check on a payment status?
Please call Annual Passport Monthly Payments Guest Services at (800-410-4656). We are available to help you from 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM Pacific Time Monday to Friday. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Only the person whose name is on the Monthly Payment contract may provide a new credit card or debit card number. The Monthly Payment option is only available to California residents.Learn more about Annual Passports.
How do I find current park hours?
View the park hours,  for both Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
How do I use my Disney Flex Passport?
First, link your Disney Flex Passport to Your Disney Account.Sign into your Disney account,  and link your passport number,  online or via the Disneyland app. Then, you can make a reservation to visit theme parks.Locate Your Disney Flex Passport Number, If you purchased your passport:online or via the Disneyland app, your confirmation email contains your passport number.at a Disneyland Resort ticket booth, your passport number is on the back of the pass.on the phone, please visit a Disneyland Resort ticket booth to pick up your pass. Your passport number will be on the back of the pass.Visit Theme Parks on “Good to Go” Dates, Your Disney Flex Passport allows you admission to one or both parks on any “Good to Go” Date, subject to capacity. No need to make a reservation, just check the Disney Flex Passport calendar,  and show up.Make a Reservation to Visit Theme Parks on “Reservation Required” Dates, Your Disney Flex Passport allows you to make a reservation to visit one or both parks on a “Reservation Required” date, based on availability.Reservations can be made up to 30 days in advance, and each Disney Flex Passport can hold up to 2 reservations at a time. You’ll be able to make another reservation once your first reservation date has passed or if you cancel an existing reservation. You may make reservations for yourself and other Disney Flex Passholders, if they’ve shared their passport ID number with you and you’ve linked their passport ID number to your Disney account.Please note that as each new “Reservation Required” date falls within the 30-day window, reservations will become available for that date around 7:00 AM Pacific Time.Cancel a Reservation to Visit Theme Parks, Reservations cannot be modified, only cancelled. If anyone in your reservation party will not be visiting the park(s) on the reserved date, be sure to visit the “My Annual Passports” page online or the “Tickets and Passes” page on the Disneyland app to remove the Passholder(s) or cancel the entire reservation by 11:59 PM PT the day before. Failure to timely cancel a reservation or enter the designated park on the reservation date before such park’s closing will result in a “no-show.”, Please note that cancellations cannot be changed.“No Shows”, If you don’t cancel a reservation on time, and don’t visit on a day reserved with your passport, the reservation will be deemed a “no show.”, If your reservation is for both parks, you only need to visit one to avoid being a “no show.”, After 3 “no shows” within 90 days, your passport will be blocked from making any new reservations for 30 days, beginning the day after the third “no show.”, (You will still be able to use your Disney Flex Passport to visit one or both parks on any ”Good to Go” date, , subject to capacity.), Perks and Benefits, The Disney Flex Passport provides for select discounts and perks, . For an additional fee, Disney MaxPass,  may be added to the Disney Flex Passport.Contact, For questions or concerns regarding your annual pass, please contact Annual Passholder Member Services at (714) 781-PASS or (714) 781-7277.View the rules and policies for Disney Flex Passport. Subject to change without notice.The number of reservations available each “Reservation Required” day is limited. Theme park admission and access to experiences and services may be restricted or unavailable due to capacity, closures or other factors. Admission excludes activities/events separately priced. Attractions, entertainment and offerings subject to change without notice.Message, data and roaming rates may apply for Disneyland app. Availability subject to handset limitations and features may vary by handset or service provider. Coverage not available everywhere. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first.
Where should I park at the Disneyland Resort?
The Disneyland Resort offers multiple parking areas for our theme parks, Hotels and the Downtown Disney District. Learn more about parking at the Disneyland Resort.Are you planning a trip to the Disneyland Resort? Purchase your tickets,  and Annual Passports,  online!
I have an Annual Passport that does not include parking. Can I add parking to my Annual Passport?
No. However, while you are not able to add parking to an Annual Passport, you may be able to upgrade to a different Annual Passport that does include parking. Learn more about upgrading your Annual Passport,  or get additional details about parking at the Disneyland Resort.
I am an Annual Passholder. Can I let a friend or family member use my parking benefit?
You must be present in the vehicle to use your parking benefit. And like your Annual Passport itself, your parking benefit is nontransferable.Please note: Parking is not guaranteed and subject to availability and capacity. In addition, the parking benefit is valid for parking for one (1) vehicle only at available pay-on-entry lots at the Disneyland Resort. Further photo identification may be required.Learn more about Annual Passports,  or parking at the Disneyland Resort.
What are the differences between the Annual Passport types?
Except for the Disney Signature Plus Passport, each Passport type has a different number of park-specific Blockout Days, , which are days that an Annual Passport is not valid for admission to one or both theme parks during select days of the year. The Disney Flex Passport,  also has “Reservation Required” days, , which are select days that the Annual Passport is only valid with a confirmed reservation (based on availability) for admission to one or both theme parks. Discounts and benefits also vary by Passport type.Learn more about which Annual Passport is right for you, . You can also view the full list of Passholder discounts.
How do I purchase an Annual Passport?
It’s easy! You can purchase your Annual Passport online. Simply select the Passport,  that's right for you and be on your way to a year of magic.Purchasing online also saves you time. Once your purchase is complete, you will receive a confirmation e-mail that includes a Disney eTicket that you print at home. With this ticket, you can go directly to the Main Entrance turnstiles. At some point during your first visit, please visit a Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to collect your Annual Passport card.After you pick up your new card, you will need to add a current photo of you to it. Any Disney PhotoPass,  Cast Member can take your picture and make sure it follows the photo guidelines.You may also purchase an Annual Passport at the Resort by visiting any Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth.
How do I renew my Annual Passport?
You can renew your Annual Passport online, , through the Disneyland app,  or by visiting any Disneyland Resort Main Entrance ticket booth (starting 40 days before your Passport's expiration date). Please keep in mind that these renewal options are not available once your Passport expires.Learn more about Annual Passports.
What is the schedule for shows and attraction refurbishments at the Disneyland Resort?
View the daily park hours and entertainment schedule,  to see the latest schedule for shows and to see which attractions are scheduled for refurbishment.Please note that schedules are subject to change without notice and attractions may be unavailable for unscheduled reasons.
I am an Annual Passholder and the day that I wish to visit Disneyland Park is not a blockout date for my Annual Passport. Will I have guaranteed access to 
Park tickets do not include special provisions for, or guarantee access to, Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge. Admission to Disneyland Park and access to Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge—including participation in its experiences—is subject to capacity constraints and other restrictions, and may be unavailable depending on Guest demand and other factors.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or book your visit today.
Who can I call with questions about my Annual Passport?
Please call the Annual Passport Member Services at (714) 781-4567 if you have questions about your Annual Passport. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you have not already, we recommend that you review the Annual Passholder frequently asked questions,  in the Disneyland Help Center, . You might find the answer to your question without calling!
I have an Annual Passport. Is it possible to upgrade to a different Passport type?
Yes. You may upgrade your Passport type at any time during your Annual Passport year—subject to Passport availability. The expiration date of your current Annual Passport will not change and your upgraded Passport will have the same expiration date as your original Passport.Guests may visit any Disneyland Resort Main Entrance ticket booth—located between Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure Park—for complete details on upgrade options.If you choose to upgrade your Passport, you must choose a Passport of greater value than your original Passport, and the difference in prices is due on the day of the upgrade. Downgrades are not allowed.If your Annual Passport includes parking, parking is not valid on your Passport blockout dates, . However, you can be reimbursed for standard parking costs on the day you upgrade,  your Annual Passport to one of these Annual Passports that includes parking:Disney Premier Passport, Disney Signature Plus Annual Passport, Disney Signature Annual Passport (parking reimbursement is not available on Disney Signature Annual Passport blockout dates), To receive your reimbursement, please park,  in one of these pay-on-entry parking lots:Toy Story Parking Area, Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, Pumbaa Parking Area, And, on the same day, visit the Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to upgrade your Passport—present your paid parking ticket during the transaction and you will be reimbursed for the standard parking cost for that day.Learn more about Annual Passports at the Disneyland Resort.
How can I book a stay at a Good Neighbor Hotel?
Review your options and select a Good Neighbor Hotel, . Want to see where the hotels are located? Check out our interactive map.Wondering how to get from here to there? Discover the many ways to get to the Disneyland Resort!
How can I book a vacation package?
You can book a vacation package,  online or by calling the Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
How can I cancel a hotel reservation I made online?
To cancel a hotel reservation, call The Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Need to reschedule? Be sure to explore available Disneyland Resort vacation packages,  before you book your visit!
What are the hotel check-in and check-out times?
You can check in anytime to the Disneyland Resort hotels, , but rooms are available after 3:00 PM. Check-out time is by 11:00 AM.If you arrive early to your Disneyland Resort hotel, you can check in, store your luggage at the Bell Desk and enjoy the Disneyland Resort. If you would like to spend a day at the Disneyland Resort after you check out, you are welcome to store your bags at the Bell Desk until you are ready to depart.Please note that check-in and check-out times for Good Neighbor Hotels vary by location. Learn more information about the Good Neighbor Hotels.
Is there a charge to enjoy the entertainment options at the Disneyland Resort hotels?
No. If you are a Guest of one of the Disneyland Resort hotels, , you may enjoy many of the entertainment options at no additional charge. If you are not a Guest of a Disneyland Resort hotel, the entertainment is still complimentary—but you may have to pay the required parking fee.Thinking about booking your next visit? Take a moment to look at available vacation packages,  that combine accommodations, theme park tickets, Disneyland Resort hotel benefits and special surprises!
What is Express Check-Out?
Express Check-Out allows you to checkout of your Disney Resort hotel,  without having to return to the Front Desk. The credit card you used at check-in is billed for your charges or purchases during your stay, and a copy of your bill appears under your door on the morning of your departure.Discover more benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort.
How do I make an online hotel reservation for a party of over 8 people at a Disneyland Resort hotel?
Please make 2 separate online reservations. You can have a maximum of 8 people per online reservation.Or, you can make larger party reservations over the phone by contacting The Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about Disneyland Resort hotels.
Can I book more than one hotel room online?
Yes. You can book more than one room online but you need to make a separate reservation for each room.For groups needing 10 or more rooms, please visit Disney Group Getaways,  or call (714) 520-5004. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about Disneyland Resort hotels.
Are there any offers or discounts?
Yes. View all of our offers and discounts. From rooms, tickets, special events and more—we’ll pass on the savings to you for: Vacation Packages, Hotel Offers, Southern California Residents, Tickets and Passholders, Downtown Disney District
I booked a vacation package over the telephone. Can I pay the remaining balance online?
Yes. Even if you booked a vacation package over the telephone, you may apply additional payments to your package on disneyland.com. Please visit the View Existing Reservations page,  and select the “Make Payment” option to make a payment on your Disneyland Resort vacation package. Full payment is not required until 30 days from arrival.Call the Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060 for additional information about vacation package, . Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Are there benefits to staying at one of the 3 Hotels of the Disneyland Resort?
There are many benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort, , including Extra Magic Hour,  admission.Extra Magic Hour allows Disneyland Resort hotel,  Guests with valid theme park tickets to enjoy early admission to select attractions, in either Disneyland Park,  or Disney California Adventure Park, , during every day of their hotel stay! Extra Magic Hour allows admission to either park one hour prior to the park being opened to the public.Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  will not be available as part of Extra Magic Hour.Learn more about early admission options.
Is there Character Dining at the Disneyland Resort hotels?
There are 3 Character Dining options at the 3 Disneyland Resort hotels:Disney's PCH Grill, Location: Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel, Goofy's Kitchen, Location: Disneyland Hotel, Storytellers Café, Location: Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa, Make reservations online.See the full array of dining options available at all 3 Resort hotels!
Where can I find rates for the Disneyland Resort hotels?
Each of the Disneyland Resort hotels,  is unique and offers different rates. View the rates for the Disney Resort hotels.Deciding which hotel to book? Compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the ideal accommodations for your stay!
Do I need to stay at a Disneyland Resort hotel to eat at the hotel restaurants?
No. The restaurants at the 3 Hotels of the Disneyland Resort,  are open to all Guests.However, if you are planning an overnight visit, consider the many benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort.
What are the dining options at the Disneyland Resort hotels?
There are a variety of dining options at the 3 Hotels at the Disneyland Resort, . Experience an exciting range of choices from coffee houses and lounges to fine dining and elegant atmospheres..Discover all of the amenities, services and other features available and compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the ideal accommodations for your stay!
How can I change or update a hotel reservation or vacation package?
You can call (714) 520-5060,  to change or update your existing hotel reservations or vacation package. Cancellation fees may apply. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Can I use the services of a Disneyland Resort hotel if I’m not a Guest of the hotel?
The restaurants,  at all 3 Disneyland Resort hotels,  are open to everyone. However, most other services at the Disneyland Hotel, Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel,  and Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa,  are only available to the Guests staying at those hotels, with the following exceptions:If there is a closure or other situation whereby a Guest or Guests have been granted access to services at hotels not specific to where they are staying, they will be duly notified of the temporary policy change.Guests of Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa with valid theme park admission can enter and exit Disney California Adventure Park,  using the entrance conveniently located in Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel & Spa. Active Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel & Spa hotel room key card required.Explore all the amenities and services available and compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the accommodations that are right for you!
Do I need to have a United States address and phone number to purchase a Disneyland Resort vacation package?
Purchasing a Disneyland Resort vacation package,  online saves you time. You’ll receive a confirmation email that includes a link to an online eTicket viewer. Print your ticket or it can be scanned from your mobile phone or tablet device and you can go directly to the Main Entrance turnstiles.Purchase your vacation package today.
How can I view my hotel reservation?
You can view an existing reservation,  for a Disneyland Resort hotel,  package online.Getting ready for your visit? Check out our helpful Pre-Arrival Tips, . Remember to take advantage of all the benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort,  during your trip!
How and when will I receive my Disneyland Resort hotel reservation confirmation documents?
Your hotel confirmation documents are sent by express mail service to the address that you provided at the time of booking. A signature is required upon delivery. For reservations booked and paid 7 days or less prior to your arrival date, confirmation documents will be delivered to your host hotel.All travel documents issued are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the service provider.Make your Disneyland Resort hotel reservation today.
Where is a good place to stay during my visit to the Disneyland Resort?
Compare Disneyland Resort hotels,  to find the one fits your needs or learn about a specific hotel:Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa, Disneyland Hotel, Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel, There are many benefits to staying at the hotels of the Disneyland Resort, . The 3 Hotels at the Disneyland Resort,  offer their own unique features and services.Alternatively, the Disneyland Resort has partnered with more than 35 nearby Good Neighbor Hotels,  to provide Guests convenient access to the theme parks and Downtown Disney District.
I received Disney eTickets as a gift. How do I use them?
You can access gift eTickets through your mobile device after receiving the gift receipt via email. Proceed to the park entry and a Cast Member will scan the barcodes on the tickets. You may also print out your tickets and bring them to the theme park turnstiles.Please note that it may take up to 24 hours to access your eTickets after receipt.Disney is not responsible for lost or stolen tickets, any loss or inconvenience caused by computer error or unauthorized duplication of Disney eTickets. If duplicate Disney eTickets are presented for admission, Disney may refuse entry. Tickets do not guarantee theme park admission and are subject to capacity constraints and other closures. Other restrictions apply.
Can I print more than one copy of my Disney eTicket?
Yes. Each Disney eTicket has its own unique barcode, so only the first scan of your ticket—whether in printed form or from the eTicket viewer on your handheld device—will allow admission to a Disneyland Resort theme park, including Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park. If you choose to print your Disney eTicket, be sure to protect it and keep it in a safe place, just like you would with any other ticket. If more than one copy of a Disney eTicket were to be used, the barcode scanner will alert the Cast Member that the ticket has already been scanned and admission may be denied.Learn more about purchasing tickets for the Disneyland Resort.
What should I do if I don’t receive an order confirmation email after purchasing my Disney eTicket?
Don't worry! In the rare instance that you do not receive an email confirmation, you are unable to print your Disney eTicket from the eTicket viewer or you do not have an internet-accessible handheld device present upon arrival at the Disneyland Resort, just visit any Disneyland Resort Box Office to have your ticket re-issued for use at the theme parks—including Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park. To receive a re-issued ticket, please have the following on hand:The credit card you used to purchase your Disney eTicket, A photo ID, such as a driver's license or passport, A printed copy of the initial order confirmation page, For security reasons, only the Guest whose name appears on the original credit card will be able to pick up replacement tickets.Learn more about purchasing tickets for the Disneyland Resort.
What are the terms and conditions for Disney eTicket?
Disney's eTicket Terms & Conditions, Updated August 28, 2017, Tickets, and associated features and entitlements such as Disney MaxPass, are nonrefundable, nontransferable, revocable and may not be redeemed for cash. Each ticket admits one person. All prices are in US dollars. Orders are not accepted until confirmed with confirmation number. All rates are net rates and subject to change without notice.Tickets do not guarantee Theme Park admission, especially during high attendance periods. Subject to capacity constraints and other closures. Ticket products, prices and entitlements available online may be different than at the Disneyland, ® Resort Main Entrance ticket booths.Tickets may not be sold, bartered nor exchanged for goods, services or benefits. Tickets are nontransferable and must be used by the same person on any and all days. Valid photo identification confirmation and applicable ticket are required for readmission to the same Park and, if applicable, crossover to the other Park on each day of the ticket’s validity. Disney is not responsible for lost or stolen tickets or property. Theme parks, restaurants, attractions, entertainment or other services may change operating hours; close due to refurbishing, capacity, weather or special events; and may otherwise change or be discontinued without notice and without liability. Tickets are not valid for special or premier events or other activities which are separately priced or for special events that are not open to the general public. Disney shall not be liable for non-utilization of ticket components or loss of recreational or entertainment opportunities due to refurbishing, capacity, inclement weather, special events or any circumstances beyond their control. Guests must obey all safety signage, instructions and Disneyland, ® Resort rules established from time to time. Entry into a Theme Park constitutes consent for Disney to use any film, video or likeness of bearer for any purpose whatsoever without payment to the bearer. It is agreed between the owners of the Disneyland, ® Resort and ticket users that all claims for injury or loss arising incident to the presence of the ticket users on owners' property shall be litigated in Orange County, California. Disney reserves the right to refuse admittance to any person or persons.Disney reserves the right to cancel the sale of any tickets or entitlements prior to the confirmation of the purchase or prior to the shipment or electronic delivery thereof, as applicable.Due to various restrictions and limitations, tickets cannot be shipped to all locations. Title to the tickets passes upon delivery of the tickets in Anaheim, California to the shipper. Additional charges apply based on delivery method chosen, and on international orders. Recipient is responsible for any duty or custom charges or expenses.1-day tickets must be used by the dates set forth on such tickets. Unless otherwise stated, multi-day tickets must be used within 13 days after first use or by the stated expiration date, whichever occurs first, and each day of use of a ticket constitutes one full day of use.Unless otherwise stated, the amount paid for any wholly unused, expired Disneyland, ® Resort theme park ticket, except for special event tickets and Annual Passports, may be applied towards the purchase of a new theme park admission ticket at the current price so long as the new ticket purchase price is equal to or greater than the amount paid for the original ticket. Please visit a Main Entrance ticket booth, a Disneyland, ® Resort hotel Front Desk or Concierge, or a Guest Relations location in a theme park to apply any eligible ticket amount towards a new ticket purchase. The amount paid for any theme park ticket may not be redeemed for cash or used for any other goods or services other than for another theme park admission ticket. No credit or refunds will be given for the non-use of any portion of a theme park admission ticket’s entitlements (e.g., using a 4-day ticket for 3 days of admission; using a Peak 1-Day ticket on a Value season date; not using Disney MaxPass on its validity day; etc.).Purchase orders of Annual Passports are subject to the terms and conditions herein. Annual Passports and their use are governed by the Annual Passport Terms and Conditions, . In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions herein and in the Annual Passport Terms and Conditions, the Annual Passport Terms and Conditions shall control.All features and entitlements of tickets are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions may apply. All sales of tickets and entitlements take place in and are consummated in the State of California. These Terms and Conditions for Ticket Orders shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. These terms are subject to change, and notice of such change will be given if and when revised terms are posted on this web site.Disney eTickets purchased online or on the Disneyland app will not be delivered immediately and delivery may take up to 24 hours after purchase confirmation. If you purchase Disney eTickets and do not receive them, please visit a ticket booth where you must present valid ID and the payment card used to purchase your Disney eTickets. Each Disney eTicket purchased online or on the Disneyland mobile app allows one entry at a Disneyland, ® Theme Park turnstile. Upon entry, the Guest will be provided with a standard Theme Park ticket for use for the applicable purchased days. Disney is not responsible for any loss or inconvenience caused by computer or mobile device error, or unauthorized duplication or sale of any Disney eTicket. In the event that duplicate Disney eTickets are presented for theme park admission, Disney reserves the right to refuse entry.For questions about your order or the Disneyland® Resort: (Please do not send payments to this address.), Guest Services, P.O. Box 3232, Anaheim, CA 92803-3232, Help Center,  Guest Information Phone Number: 714-781-4565
Is there a difference between a standard theme park ticket at the Disneyland Resort and a Disney eTicket?
No. The Disney eTicket is a legitimate ticket valid for admission at the theme parks of the Disneyland Resort, including Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park, . The only difference is that with a Disney eTicket, you get purchased tickets faster than any other delivery option.Once your valid Disney eTicket has been scanned and voided at the Disneyland Resort, you will receive a standard Disneyland Resort theme park ticket valid for the applicable purchased days.In the event that duplicate Disney eTickets are presented for theme park admission, Disney reserves the right to refuse entry. Tickets do not guarantee theme park admission, especially during high attendance periods, and are subject to capacity constraints and other closures.Parks, attractions or entertainment may change operating hours, close due to refurbishing, capacity, weather or special events; and may otherwise change or be discontinued without notice and without liability. Other restrictions apply. Learn more about purchasing tickets for the Disneyland Resort.
What should I do if I forget to bring my Disney eTicket?
Don't worry! If you forget to bring your printed Disney eTicket with you and you do not have an internet-accessible handheld device present upon arrival at the Disneyland Resort, just visit any Disneyland Resort Box Office to have your ticket re-issued for use at the theme parks—including Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park. To receive a re-issued ticket, please have the following on hand:The credit card you used to purchase your Disney eTicket, A photo ID, such as a driver's license or passport, A printed or electronic copy of the initial order confirmation email, For security reasons, only the Guest whose name appears on the original credit card will be able to pick up replacement tickets.Learn more about purchasing tickets for the Disneyland Resort.
What if I cannot print my Disney eTicket?
If you cannot print your Disney eTicket from the eTicket viewer, first check to see if you have Adobe Reader 4.0 or higher installed. If you do not have Adobe Reader, you may download it for free from Adobe Systems Incorporated.If you are still unable to print your Disney eTicket, please call the Guest Services number listed on the confirmation page or email and provide your confirmation number. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Please note: You can also choose to have Disney eTickets digitally scanned directly from the eTicket viewer on an internet-accessible handheld device.Learn more about purchasing tickets for the Disneyland Resort.
When does my 2018 CityPASS ticket expire?
All 2018 SoCal CityPASS tickets are now expired. Please visit our online ticket store,  for other options on purchasing Disneyland Resort tickets.
If I purchase a Disneyland Park ticket, will I get guaranteed access to 
Park tickets do not include special provisions for, or guarantee access to, Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge. Admission to Disneyland Park and access to Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge—including participation in its experiences—is subject to capacity constraints and other restrictions, and may be unavailable depending on Guest demand and other factors..Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or buy your tickets today.
When can I use my 1-day theme park ticket?
Theme park tickets may be used on different dates depending on the type of ticket purchased, seasonal or tier.1-Day Seasonal Ticket Types (Value, Regular and Peak), 1-Day Peak Ticket, May be used on Peak, Regular and Value days—until it expires.1-Day Regular Ticket, May be used until it expires, except on the following days:March 14 to 15, 2020, March 20 to 31, 2020, April 1 to 13, 2020, April 17 to 19, 2020, April 25, 2020, May 2, 2020, May 9, 2020, May 16 to 17, 2020, May 22 to 25, 2020, May 30, 2020, June 6, 2020, June 13, 2020, June 19 to 20, 2020, June 26 to 27, 2020, July 3 to 5, 2020, July 10 to 12, 2020, July 17 to 19, 2020, July 24 to 26, 2020, July 31, 2020, August 1 to 2, 2020, August 7 to 9, 2020, August 14 to 16, 2020, August 21 to 22, 2020, September 4 to 7, 2020, September 12, 2020, September 19, 2020, September 26, 2020, 1-Day Value Ticket, May be used until it expires, except on the following days:March 12 to 31, 2020, April 1 to April 19, 2020, April 24 to 25, 2020, May 1 to 2, 2020, May 8 to 9, 2020, May 15 to 17, 2020, May 22 to 25, 2020, May 29 to 31, 2020, June 5 to 7, 2020, June 12 to 15, 2020, June 18 to 22, 2020, June 25 to 30, 2020, July 1 to 6, 2020, July 8 to 13, 2020, July 15 to 20, 2020, July 22 to 27, 2020, July 29 to 31, 2020, August 1 to 3, 2020, August 5 to 10, 2020, August 12 to 16, 2020, August 21 to 23, 2020, August 28 to 30, 2020, September 4 to 7, 2020, September 12 to 13, 2020, September 19 to 20, 2020, September 25 to 27, 2020, 1-Day Tier Ticket Types (Tiers 1-5), 1-Day Tier 5 Ticket, May be used on Tier 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 days—until it expires.1-Day Tier 4 Ticket, May be used until it expires, except on the following days:March 14 to 15, 2020, March 20 to April 13, 2020, April 17 to 19, 2020, April 25, 2020, May 2, 2020, May 9, 2020, May 16 to 17, 2020, May 22 to 25, 2020, May 30, 2020, June 6, 2020, June 13, 2020, June 19 to 20, 2020, June 26 to 27, 2020, July 3 to 5, 2020, July 10 to 12, 2020, July 17 to 19, 2020, July 24 to 26, 2020, July 31, 2020, August 1 to 2, 2020, August 7 to 9, 2020, August 14 to 16, 2020, August 21 to 22, 2020, September 4 to 7, 2020, September 12, 2020, September 19, 2020, September 26, 2020, 1-Day Tier 3 Ticket, May be used until it expires, except on the following days:March 12 to April 19, 2020, April 24 to 25, 2020, May 1 to 2, 2020, May 8 to 9, 2020, May 15 to 17, 2020, May 22 to 25, 2020, May 29 to 31, 2020, June 5 to 7, 2020, June 12 to 15, 2020, June 18 to 22, 2020, June 25 to 30, 2020, July 1 to 6, 2020, July 8 to 13, 2020, July 15 to 20, 2020, July 22 to 27, 2020, July 29 to 31, 2020, August 1 to 3, 2020, August 5 to 10, 2020, August 12 to 16, 2020, August 21 to 23, 2020, August 28 to 30, 2020, September 4 to 7, 2020, September 12 to 13, 2020, September 19 to 20, 2020, September 25 to 27, 2020, 1-Day Tier 2 Ticket, May be used until it expires, except on the following days:March 12 to April 20, 2020, April 23 to 26, 2020, May 1 to 3, 2020, May 8 to 10, 2020, May 15 to 17, 2020, May 22 to 25, 2020, May 28 to June 1, 2020, June 4 to 8, 2020, June 11 to 30, 2020, July 1 to August 17, 2020, August 19 to 23, 2020, August 28 to 30, 2020, September 4 to 7, 2020, September 11 to 14, 2020, September 18 to 21, 2020, September 25 to 28, 2020, 1-Day Tier 1 Ticket, May be used until it expires, except on the following days:March 12 to April 27, 2020, April 30 to May 4, 2020, May 7 to 11, 2020, May 14 to 18, 2020, May 21 to June 30, 2020, July 1 to August 24, 2020, August 28 to 31, 2020, September 4 to 7, 2020, September 10 to 15, 2020, September 17 to 22, 2020, September 24 to 29, 2020, Multi-Day Ticket, Multi-day tickets have different entitlements and validity dates. Please check the details of a particular multi-day ticket at time of purchase.Upgrading Tickets, If you have purchased a 1-day ticket and decide to use it for a day on which it is not valid, you can upgrade the ticket by applying the paid value of the ticket toward the price of the new ticket at any Disneyland Resort Guest Relations,  location, with some limitations.If you are visiting using a theme park ticket and decide you'd like an Annual Passport, you can upgrade your ticket, ―which applies the paid value of the ticket toward the cost of an Annual Passport―at any Disneyland ticket booth, with some limitations.Additional Information, The amount paid for an unused, expired ticket may be applied towards the purchase of a new ticket at the current price so long as the new ticket purchase price is equal to or greater than the amount paid for the original ticket. , Validity dates will continue to be published from time to time. The dates assigned to each tier or season and the number of days in each tier or season may change from year to year.Unless otherwise stated, tickets are not valid for separately priced activities or events. No credit or refund will be given if a higher season ticket is used on a lower season date or if a higher tier ticket is used on a lower tier date. Admission is subject to capacity, closures and to other restrictions. , In addition to valid theme park admission, certain experiences may require a separate reservation.Purchasing Tickets, Don’t have theme park tickets yet? Purchase your tickets now.
How much do Disneyland Resort tickets cost?
The price of admission depends on the type of ticket you buy, the Guest’s age, the number of days you visit and—for 1-Day Tickets—the date.Ticket Types, You can buy 2 different types of tickets, depending on how you want to enjoy the parks. Each is available for 1-day through 5- day visits.1 Park Per Day Tickets,  – spend the day in either Disneyland Park or Disney California Adventure Park, Park Hopper Tickets,  – enjoy both theme parks—and move between the parks as often as you want—on the same day, Adult and Child Tickets, Theme park tickets vary in price by age as follows:Ages 10+: Adult, Ages 3-9: Child, Ages 2 and under: No ticket required, 1-Day Ticket Prices, The cost of a 1-day ticket depends on the date you visit with the year divided into Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 and Tier 5 dates. A ticket is valid for one, single-day admission on any date in the tier you select—or on any date in a lower tier. To see pricing for upcoming dates, visit our ticket calendar.Multi-Day Ticket Prices, Multi-Day Tickets cost the same for any dates you visit. Advance-purchase tickets of 3 days or more qualify for Magic Morning early admission.**, Ticket Type, Adult, Child, 2-Day Ticket, 1 Park Per Day, $235, $220, Park Hopper, $290, $275, 3-Day Ticket , (Magic Morning eligible), 1 Park Per Day, $310, $290, Park Hopper, $365, $345, 4-Day Ticket , (Magic Morning eligible), 1 Park Per Day, $340, $320, Park Hopper, $395, $375, 5-Day Ticket , (Magic Morning eligible), 1 Park Per Day, $360, $340, Park Hopper, $415, $395, **, Magic Morning, , included with tickets of 3+ days bought in advance, gives you early admission on one day (within the period of your ticket) to Disneyland Park to enjoy certain experiences one hour before they open to the public on select days. Star Wars, : Galaxy's Edge is not open during Magic Morning.Annual Passports, Annual Passports are a great value if you want to return to the Disneyland Resort throughout the year. In addition to park admission, you’ll get discounts on food and merchandise, as well as special offers and invitations to Passholder events. Some passports include parking and Disney MaxPass. Learn more on our Annual Passports,  page.
Can I order Disney eTickets with my credit card and give them to another Guest as a gift?
Yes, you can purchase theme park tickets and choose to have them delivered as Disney eTickets. To ensure that you’re placing a gift order, simply select the box labeled “This order will be a gift” in Express Checkout and enter in the recipient’s information.A gift receipt containing a link to the Disney eTickets will be emailed to you, so you can forward it to the recipient whenever you like. Your recipient will be able to print the tickets or access them through their mobile device.Please note that it may take up to 24 hours to access your eTickets after receipt.Disney is not responsible for lost or stolen tickets, any loss or inconvenience caused by computer error or unauthorized duplication of Disney eTickets. If duplicate Disney eTickets are presented for admission, Disney may refuse entry. Tickets do not guarantee theme park admission and are subject to capacity constraints and other closures. Other restrictions apply.
How do I use a Disney eTicket?
When you order your ticket online,  and select the Disney eTicket option at checkout, you will be provided a link to an online eTicket viewer from both a confirmation page and confirmation email. To use your Disney eTicket, please complete the following steps:You can choose to either print out your Disney eTicket from the eTicket viewer or have it digitally scanned directly from your handheld device. If you have purchased multiple tickets and wish to print them for use, be sure to print each Disney eTicket individually.Present your Disney eTicket—whether in printed form or from the eTicket viewer on your handheld device—at the main entrance to either Disneyland Park,  or Disney California Adventure Park, . You will not need to wait in line at Will Call or ticket purchase queues.Once your Disney eTicket has been scanned and voided, you will receive a standard Disneyland Resort theme park ticket for use over the duration of your visit.Please note: If you wish to have your Disney eTicket digitally scanned, you must be using an internet-accessible handheld device in order to access your ticket.Please Check Our Park Rules, We ask that you , review our Disneyland Resort park rules,  before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions. We regularly update our park rules to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience at the Disneyland Resort.
How can I book a vacation package online?
It’s easy! With just a tap or click you can start booking your Disneyland vacation package,  via your computer or mobile device.Vacation packages combine accommodations, theme park tickets, special benefits and Disney surprises.When booking your vacation package, you will have the option of adding airfare, car rental, ground transportation, Disney Character Dining, Disney MaxPass, , access to Southern California destinations,  and more.As your one-stop travel provider, the Walt Disney Travel Company can help you customize the perfect vacation package that suits your needs.Learn more about Disneyland Resort vacation packages.
Are there any offers or discounts?
Yes. View all of our offers and discounts. From rooms, tickets, special events and more—we’ll pass on the savings to you for: Vacation Packages, Hotel Offers, Southern California Residents, Tickets and Passholders, Downtown Disney District
Can I pay for my Disneyland Resort vacation package reservation online?
Yes. Please,  visit the View Existing Reservations page,  and select the “Make Payment” option to make a payment on your Disneyland Resort vacation package. Full payment is not required until 30 days from arrival.Purchasing a Disneyland Resort vacation package,  online saves you time. You’ll receive a confirmation email that includes a link to an online eTicket viewer. Print your ticket or it can be scanned from your mobile phone or tablet device and you can go directly to the Main Entrance turnstiles.Learn more about Disneyland Resort vacation packages.
If I purchase a vacation package or stay at a Disneyland Resort hotel, will I get access to 
Disneyland Resort vacation packages or certain hotel stays do not include special provisions for, or guarantee access to, Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge. You will need valid theme park admission to Disneyland Park, but admission to the park—and access to Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge and its experiences—is subject to capacity constraints and other restrictions, and may be unavailable depending on Guest demand and other factors.Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge is not available during Extra Magic Hour,  or Magic Morning at Disneyland Park.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or book your visit today.
Do you offer any dining plans with your vacation packages?
Sorry, there are no dining plans available with vacation packages at this time.
What is the advantage of buying a vacation package?
Vacation packages,  combine accommodations, theme park tickets, exclusive benefits and special surprises.Plus, they give you the option of including airfare, car rental, ground transportation, Disney Character Dining, , access to Southern California destinations,  and more.As your one-stop travel provider, the Walt Disney Travel Company can help you customize the perfect vacation package that suits your needs.Purchase your vacation package today.
What are the benefits of owning an Annual Passport?
Annual Passports provide the ability to visit one or both parks—Disneyland Park or Disney California Adventure Park—on select days all year long! Plus, depending on the type, each Annual Passport allows you to enjoy select offers, discounts, insider information and invitations to events.Learn more about Annual Passports.
If my Annual Passport is blocked out on a day that I wish to visit the parks, can I purchase a Blockout Day ticket?
No. Blockout Day tickets are no longer available at the Disneyland Resort, but you may wish to purchase a one- or multi-day park admission ticket.Want to visit Disneyland Resort theme parks on a blockout day? Based on your Passport type, you may be able to visit one of the parks or may want to consider upgrading your Annual Passport,  to an Annual Passport that is not blocked out at one or both of the parks.If your Annual Passport includes parking, the parking amenity is valid as long as your Passport is not blocked out at both parks. Please check each park’s blockout calendar,  for your Passport type to view park-specific blockout dates. If you upgrade your Passport on a day it is blocked out at both parks, you can be reimbursed for parking for that day if you upgrade,  to one of the following Annual Passports that includes parking:Disney Premier Passport, Disney Signature Plus Annual Passport, Disney Signature Annual Passport (parking reimbursement is not available on Disney Signature Annual Passport blockout dates), To receive your reimbursement, please park,  in one of these pay-on-entry parking lots:Toy Story Parking Area, Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, Pumbaa Parking Area, And, on the same day, visit the Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to upgrade your Passport—present your paid parking ticket during the transaction and you will be reimbursed for the standard parking cost for that day.View Annual Passport blockout dates,  or learn more about Annual Passports.
Where can I find a list of the current Annual Passport blockout and “Reservation Required” dates?
Check the calendar,  for park-specific blockout dates and “Good to Go” dates. For the Disney Flex Passport, the calendar will also show “Reservation Required” dates.Learn more about the Disney Flex Passport.Want to visit Disneyland Resort theme parks on a blockout day? Based on your Passport type, you may be able to visit one of the parks or may want to consider upgrading your Annual Passport,  to an Annual Passport that is not blocked out at one or both of the parks.If your Annual Passport includes parking, the parking amenity is valid as long as your Passport is not blocked out at both parks. Please check each park’s blockout calendar,  for your Passport type to view park-specific blockout dates. If you upgrade,  your Passport on a day it is blocked out at both parks, you can be reimbursed for parking for that day if you upgrade to one of the following Annual Passports that includes parking:Disney Premier Passport, Disney Signature Plus Annual Passport, Disney Signature Annual Passport (parking reimbursement is not available on Disney Signature Annual Passport blockout dates), To receive your reimbursement, please park,  in one of these pay-on-entry parking lots:Toy Story Parking Area, Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, Pumbaa Parking Area, And, on the same day, visit the Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to upgrade your Passport—present your paid parking ticket during the transaction and you will be reimbursed for the standard parking cost for that day.Learn more about Annual Passports.
How can I change the address associated with my Annual Passport?
For your convenience, you may update your address at the Disneyland Main Entrance Ticket Booth or by writing to:Disneyland Resort Annual Passport Program  ATTN: Address Change  P.O. Box 61094  Anaheim, CA 92803-6194, Please include in your letter:Your name and that of any other Annual Passholder or Passholders in your household, Your old address, Your new address and phone number, Please report a change in your address as soon as possible.Learn more about Annual Passports.
What communications do Annual Passholders receive?
Annual Passholders are eligible to receive periodic mailers and newsletters and other communications about the Disneyland Resort and other Disney affiliated products and services—including information about events, products, opportunities, services and special offers and discounts available to Passholders.Passholders may also be sent information about special events, products, services and offers based on their activities at the Disneyland Resort (e.g., purchase transactions, Disney FASTPASS usage, etc.). These communications may be sent by postal mail (one mailing per Passholder household/address) or by email, based on the contact information provided to the Passport program.Passholders may receive these communications from any of the subsidiary and affiliated entities of The Walt Disney Company. You may choose to not receive these communications by signing into your Disney account,  and changing your preferences. , Learn more about Annual Passports.
Where can I find important details about my Annual Passport—such as my pass type and expiration date—on disneyland.com?
To view important details about your Annual Passport, simply sign in or create an account on disneyland.com. After signing in, visit Annual Passholder Today,  to find your pass information—including the expiration date and pass type—located directly beneath your welcome greeting.If you have added an Annual Passport on disneyland.com in the past, you will be able to view details concerning your pass here. If you do not see your pass, please select “Add a Pass to My Account” and follow the instructions to add your Annual Passport.Learn more about Annual Passports at the Disneyland Resort.
How do I link my Disneyland Annual Passport to my Disney account?
To get the most out of your Annual Passport, please link your Annual Passport on disneyland.com,  or in the Disneyland app.How to Link Your Annual Passport in the Disneyland App, Download the Disneyland app from the iOS App,  Store or Google Play.Open the Disneyland app.Tap on the bottom, left tab with the home icon.Tap “My Tickets”.If you already have linked tickets or Annual Passports, tap the “+” icon on the top of the screen.Tap “Link Tickets & Passes”.If you are not already signed into your Disney account, you will be prompted to do so. You can also create a new account from within the app.Benefits of Linking Your Annual Passport, Linking your Annual Passport in the Disneyland app allows you to use the app for park admission on days when your pass is valid, , receive applicable discounts on mobile food and beverage orders,  and may allow you to renew within the app. Linking your Annual Passport on disneyland.com may allow you to renew your Annual Passport on the site,  and take advantage of available offers,  and discounts.If you don’t already have an Annual Passport, you can purchase yours online today!
What should I do if my Annual Passport is lost or stolen?
Please report the situation as soon as possible to a Main Entrance Ticket Booth at the Disneyland Resort or contact the Annual Passholder Hotline at (714) 781-4546. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If your Annual Passport is lost or stolen, you will be required to pay a non-refundable fee of $20 for your Annual Passport replacement. The fee may be waived if a copy of a police report is shown. Minors must be accompanied by a parent or guardian to receive a replacement Passport.If your Annual Passport is in good standing and you forgot to bring it to the Disneyland Resort on a visit, you will be provided one courtesy admission for the year.Learn more about Annual Passports.
I purchased my Disneyland Resort Annual Passport using the Monthly Payments option. How do I change my billing method or check on a payment status?
Please call Annual Passport Monthly Payments Guest Services at (800-410-4656). We are available to help you from 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM Pacific Time Monday to Friday. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Only the person whose name is on the Monthly Payment contract may provide a new credit card or debit card number. The Monthly Payment option is only available to California residents.Learn more about Annual Passports.
How do I find current park hours?
View the park hours,  for both Disneyland Park,  and Disney California Adventure Park.Please Check Our Disneyland Resort Rules, We regularly update our Disneyland Resort Rules,  to ensure you have a safe and enjoyable experience. We ask that you review our Disneyland Resort Rules before your visit to avoid any delays or disruptions.
How do I use my Disney Flex Passport?
First, link your Disney Flex Passport to Your Disney Account.Sign into your Disney account,  and link your passport number,  online or via the Disneyland app. Then, you can make a reservation to visit theme parks.Locate Your Disney Flex Passport Number, If you purchased your passport:online or via the Disneyland app, your confirmation email contains your passport number.at a Disneyland Resort ticket booth, your passport number is on the back of the pass.on the phone, please visit a Disneyland Resort ticket booth to pick up your pass. Your passport number will be on the back of the pass.Visit Theme Parks on “Good to Go” Dates, Your Disney Flex Passport allows you admission to one or both parks on any “Good to Go” Date, subject to capacity. No need to make a reservation, just check the Disney Flex Passport calendar,  and show up.Make a Reservation to Visit Theme Parks on “Reservation Required” Dates, Your Disney Flex Passport allows you to make a reservation to visit one or both parks on a “Reservation Required” date, based on availability.Reservations can be made up to 30 days in advance, and each Disney Flex Passport can hold up to 2 reservations at a time. You’ll be able to make another reservation once your first reservation date has passed or if you cancel an existing reservation. You may make reservations for yourself and other Disney Flex Passholders, if they’ve shared their passport ID number with you and you’ve linked their passport ID number to your Disney account.Please note that as each new “Reservation Required” date falls within the 30-day window, reservations will become available for that date around 7:00 AM Pacific Time.Cancel a Reservation to Visit Theme Parks, Reservations cannot be modified, only cancelled. If anyone in your reservation party will not be visiting the park(s) on the reserved date, be sure to visit the “My Annual Passports” page online or the “Tickets and Passes” page on the Disneyland app to remove the Passholder(s) or cancel the entire reservation by 11:59 PM PT the day before. Failure to timely cancel a reservation or enter the designated park on the reservation date before such park’s closing will result in a “no-show.”, Please note that cancellations cannot be changed.“No Shows”, If you don’t cancel a reservation on time, and don’t visit on a day reserved with your passport, the reservation will be deemed a “no show.”, If your reservation is for both parks, you only need to visit one to avoid being a “no show.”, After 3 “no shows” within 90 days, your passport will be blocked from making any new reservations for 30 days, beginning the day after the third “no show.”, (You will still be able to use your Disney Flex Passport to visit one or both parks on any ”Good to Go” date, , subject to capacity.), Perks and Benefits, The Disney Flex Passport provides for select discounts and perks, . For an additional fee, Disney MaxPass,  may be added to the Disney Flex Passport.Contact, For questions or concerns regarding your annual pass, please contact Annual Passholder Member Services at (714) 781-PASS or (714) 781-7277.View the rules and policies for Disney Flex Passport. Subject to change without notice.The number of reservations available each “Reservation Required” day is limited. Theme park admission and access to experiences and services may be restricted or unavailable due to capacity, closures or other factors. Admission excludes activities/events separately priced. Attractions, entertainment and offerings subject to change without notice.Message, data and roaming rates may apply for Disneyland app. Availability subject to handset limitations and features may vary by handset or service provider. Coverage not available everywhere. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first.
Where should I park at the Disneyland Resort?
The Disneyland Resort offers multiple parking areas for our theme parks, Hotels and the Downtown Disney District. Learn more about parking at the Disneyland Resort.Are you planning a trip to the Disneyland Resort? Purchase your tickets,  and Annual Passports,  online!
I have an Annual Passport that does not include parking. Can I add parking to my Annual Passport?
No. However, while you are not able to add parking to an Annual Passport, you may be able to upgrade to a different Annual Passport that does include parking. Learn more about upgrading your Annual Passport,  or get additional details about parking at the Disneyland Resort.
I am an Annual Passholder. Can I let a friend or family member use my parking benefit?
You must be present in the vehicle to use your parking benefit. And like your Annual Passport itself, your parking benefit is nontransferable.Please note: Parking is not guaranteed and subject to availability and capacity. In addition, the parking benefit is valid for parking for one (1) vehicle only at available pay-on-entry lots at the Disneyland Resort. Further photo identification may be required.Learn more about Annual Passports,  or parking at the Disneyland Resort.
What are the differences between the Annual Passport types?
Except for the Disney Signature Plus Passport, each Passport type has a different number of park-specific Blockout Days, , which are days that an Annual Passport is not valid for admission to one or both theme parks during select days of the year. The Disney Flex Passport,  also has “Reservation Required” days, , which are select days that the Annual Passport is only valid with a confirmed reservation (based on availability) for admission to one or both theme parks. Discounts and benefits also vary by Passport type.Learn more about which Annual Passport is right for you, . You can also view the full list of Passholder discounts.
How do I purchase an Annual Passport?
It’s easy! You can purchase your Annual Passport online. Simply select the Passport,  that's right for you and be on your way to a year of magic.Purchasing online also saves you time. Once your purchase is complete, you will receive a confirmation e-mail that includes a Disney eTicket that you print at home. With this ticket, you can go directly to the Main Entrance turnstiles. At some point during your first visit, please visit a Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to collect your Annual Passport card.After you pick up your new card, you will need to add a current photo of you to it. Any Disney PhotoPass,  Cast Member can take your picture and make sure it follows the photo guidelines.You may also purchase an Annual Passport at the Resort by visiting any Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth.
How do I renew my Annual Passport?
You can renew your Annual Passport online, , through the Disneyland app,  or by visiting any Disneyland Resort Main Entrance ticket booth (starting 40 days before your Passport's expiration date). Please keep in mind that these renewal options are not available once your Passport expires.Learn more about Annual Passports.
What is the schedule for shows and attraction refurbishments at the Disneyland Resort?
View the daily park hours and entertainment schedule,  to see the latest schedule for shows and to see which attractions are scheduled for refurbishment.Please note that schedules are subject to change without notice and attractions may be unavailable for unscheduled reasons.
I am an Annual Passholder and the day that I wish to visit Disneyland Park is not a blockout date for my Annual Passport. Will I have guaranteed access to 
Park tickets do not include special provisions for, or guarantee access to, Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge. Admission to Disneyland Park and access to Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge—including participation in its experiences—is subject to capacity constraints and other restrictions, and may be unavailable depending on Guest demand and other factors.Learn more about Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge,  or book your visit today.
Who can I call with questions about my Annual Passport?
Please call the Annual Passport Member Services at (714) 781-4567 if you have questions about your Annual Passport. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.If you have not already, we recommend that you review the Annual Passholder frequently asked questions,  in the Disneyland Help Center, . You might find the answer to your question without calling!
I have an Annual Passport. Is it possible to upgrade to a different Passport type?
Yes. You may upgrade your Passport type at any time during your Annual Passport year—subject to Passport availability. The expiration date of your current Annual Passport will not change and your upgraded Passport will have the same expiration date as your original Passport.Guests may visit any Disneyland Resort Main Entrance ticket booth—located between Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure Park—for complete details on upgrade options.If you choose to upgrade your Passport, you must choose a Passport of greater value than your original Passport, and the difference in prices is due on the day of the upgrade. Downgrades are not allowed.If your Annual Passport includes parking, parking is not valid on your Passport blockout dates, . However, you can be reimbursed for standard parking costs on the day you upgrade,  your Annual Passport to one of these Annual Passports that includes parking:Disney Premier Passport, Disney Signature Plus Annual Passport, Disney Signature Annual Passport (parking reimbursement is not available on Disney Signature Annual Passport blockout dates), To receive your reimbursement, please park,  in one of these pay-on-entry parking lots:Toy Story Parking Area, Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, Pumbaa Parking Area, And, on the same day, visit the Disneyland Resort Main Entrance Ticket Booth to upgrade your Passport—present your paid parking ticket during the transaction and you will be reimbursed for the standard parking cost for that day.Learn more about Annual Passports at the Disneyland Resort.
How do I apply discounts to my purchase when using mobile checkout services?
At the Disneyland Resort, you can scan and pay for merchandise at the World of Disney® store using the Disneyland mobile app on your mobile device.When making a mobile checkout purchase via the app, any applicable savings will automatically be reflected in your total. At this time, mobile checkout discounts will apply only for the following:Annual Passholders, Disney Vacation Club Members, Discounts will apply pursuant to the applicable policies for such discounts.ATTENTION DISNEY® VISA® CARDMEMBERS!,  To receive your Cardmember perk of 10% off select merchandise purchases of $50 or more, you must complete your purchase at an in-store register with your physical Disney Visa Card or Disney Rewards Redemption Card.Help for Annual Passholders, If you’re an Annual Passholder, to ensure your discount is applied, be sure to link your Annual Passport to your Disney account, . To do so from the app, tap on the “My Tickets” button on the app main menu, then tap on “Link Tickets & Passes” to add your ID number to your account.Help for Disney Vacation Club Members, For Guests who do not see their Disney Vacation Club Membership discount or are unable to add it, please call Member Services at (800) 800-9800 for assistance.
Does the Disneyland Resort have an official mobile app?
Yes. The Disneyland Resort mobile app helps streamline your next visit and make the theme park experience better than ever before. Check park hours, see wait times, browse interactive maps, locate some of your favorite Disney Characters, order food and so much more.Learn more about the Disneyland mobile app—including how to download it on your device.
Is the Play Disney Parks mobile app the same app as the Disneyland app at the Disneyland Resort?
No. The Play Disney Parks,  app is a separate, first-of-its-kind Disney app that gives Guests the chance to explore and have fun at the Disneyland Resort theme parks in a whole new way.While the popular Disneyland app,  at the Disneyland Resort will continue serving Guests in their vacation planning before and during their visits, the all-new Play Disney Parks app gives you even more ways to enhance the in-park experience—with in-queue games you can play while waiting in line for select attractions, interactive park experiences that brings surrounding environments to life, Disney trivia, magical achievements and much more.To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Available for iPhone® and smartphones for Android™.Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
Do I need to have an active Apple Music subscription in order to listen to music on the Play Disney Parks mobile app?
No. You can listen to samples of songs on the Play Disney Parks,  app without an Apple Music subscription. However, in order to listen to full songs from the curated playlists inspired by the Disney theme parks, an active Apple Music subscription is required. Please note that some Guests may qualify for a 3-month free trial of Apple Music (additional terms and conditions apply).To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Available for iPhone® and smartphones for Android™.Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
I’ve been hearing a lot of fun things lately about the Play Disney Parks mobile app! What kinds of experiences can I enjoy with the app at the Disneyland Resort?
There are lots of fun ways to use the Play Disney Parks,  app at the Disneyland Resort theme parks! While using this all-new app, family and friends can enjoy interactive in-queue games while waiting in line at the following attractions:Fortune Tellers,  – Disneyland Park, Peter Pan’s Flight,  – Disneyland Park, Space Mountain,  – Disneyland Park, Toy Story Midway Mania!,  – Disney California Adventure Park, In addition to these experiences, you’ll soon find some of our current interactive park offerings too, now easier than ever to access from the Play Disney Parks app!, But that’s not all! While you play, you’ll also have the chance to earn and share an assortment of themed achievements—digital collectibles all their own that you’ll receive for your experiences both in the app and across the parks. And with the Disney trivia feature, family and friends can work together, uncover fun facts and discover what it takes to become Disney trivia masters.Finally, the Play Disney Parks app can help you celebrate your trip to the Disneyland Resort with the music of Disney and the classic sounds of the theme parks! Listen to Apple Music in the Play Disney Parks app to access official playlists inspired by beloved lands, attractions and characters (Apple Music subscription required).Please note that certain features of the app may be available only when Guests have logged in with their Disney account (available to Guests 13 years of age or older).To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Available for iPhone® and smartphones for Android™.Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
Will I be able to enjoy the Play Disney Parks mobile app experiences by myself on my next Disneyland Resort visit, or will I need my friends or family to be able to play?
There are many experiences that await you while using the Play Disney Parks,  mobile app at the theme parks of the Disneyland Resort—some that require help from your friends or family members and others that you can play by yourself!, The in-queue games within the Play Disney Parks app require a minimum of two players per game. These interactive experiences are designed for the whole family to enjoy together and can be played while waiting in line for the following attractions:Fortune Tellers,  – Disneyland Park, Peter Pan’s Flight,  – Disneyland Park, Space Mountain,  – Disneyland Park, Toy Story Midway Mania!,  – Disney California Adventure Park, Meanwhile Disney trivia, select themed achievements and other upcoming interactive experiences will require only one Guest to enjoy. Please note that certain features of the app may be available only when Guests have logged in with their Disney account (available to Guests 13 years of age or older).To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Available for iPhone® and smartphones for Android™.Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
Do I have to be physically present at the Disneyland Resort in order to access and enjoy the Play Disney Parks mobile app?
No. You can access many of the Play Disney Parks,  app experiences from anywhere!, The Play Disney Parks app offerings you can enjoy while away from the Disneyland Resort theme parks include Disney trivia and Apple Music playlists, in addition to select achievements that can be earned outside of the parks.However, to access in-queue games and select interactive park offerings, you must be located inside of specific theme parks. These experiences and their locations include:Fortune Tellers,  – Disneyland Park, Peter Pan’s Flight,  – Disneyland Park, Space Mountain,  – Disneyland Park, Toy Story Midway Mania!,  – Disney California Adventure Park, Since each of these experiences is designed to interact with the physical environment and/or the theming of the attraction queues, they can only be unlocked when you’re physically located either in the queue or at the specified location.Please note that Bluetooth® technology will be key to enjoying the full Play Disney Parks app experience. To access the full experience, be sure to opt to enable location services and Bluetooth technology on your device. This will allow the app to provide location-based experiences through a combination of your mobile device’s GPS and Bluetooth technology capabilities, and Bluetooth technology beacons installed around the parks.To learn more, download the Play Disney Parks mobile app today!, Available for iPhone® and smartphones for Android™.Message, data and roaming rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations, and features may vary by handset, service provider or otherwise. Coverage and app stores not available everywhere. Music streaming feature requires an Apple Music subscription. Separate terms and conditions apply. If you’re under 18, get your parents’ permission first. Some features require separate theme park admission.Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.
What is the merchandise return policy for Disneyland Resort owned-and-operated locations?
The following merchandise return policy applies to merchandise purchased at Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort owned-and-operated locations ONLY.Returns and exchanges will not be accepted for items purchased at Operating Participant locations; Disney outlet stores; the Disney Stores; DisneyStore.com; Aulani, A Disney Resort & Spa, Ko Olina, Hawaiʻi; the Disney Cruise Line ships; Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort; and The Walt Disney Studio Stores Burbank, California.All merchandise must be returned NEW, in original unopened packaging with all original tags attached except as noted in the Special Products and Exceptions section below. No returns or exchanges will be accepted after 30 days from the date of purchase, or if the merchandise has been used or worn.For Merchandise Returned WITH an Original Receipt:Refunds will be provided in the same form of payment that was used for the purchase. If a refund is requested by phone or email, purchases made with cash and compliant with the return policy will be refunded in the form of a Disney Gift Card eGift.For Merchandise Returned WITHOUT an Original Receipt:A Disney Parks Merchandise Credit may be issued in the amount of the current selling price of the merchandise returned. Guests may be required to present a valid government issued ID as proof of identity. We reserve the right to limit the number of returns permitted without valid receipts.Special Products and Exceptions:Returns or exchanges will not be accepted for merchandise marked “as-is” or “all sales final” or “no returns or exchanges” or “no refunds, exchanges or returns.”, Walt Disney World Resort/Disneyland Resort Admission Tickets and Exchange Certificates may not be returned or exchanged.Original artwork, jewelry items priced $150 or greater, and personalized or special order merchandise may not be returned or exchanged. Damaged or defective DVDs, Blu-ray™, audio, video games and software merchandise may only be exchanged for the same merchandise and title.The Disney Gift Card is not redeemable for cash. An unused Disney Gift Card can be returned for the full amount to the original form of payment, with original sales receipt. Gift receipts are not considered original sales receipts. Partial balances cannot be returned or exchanged for cash, except as required by law.Gift-with-purchase or purchase-with-purchase items must be returned when the original purchase item is returned.This return policy is subject to change, for any or no reason, from time to time in Disney’s sole discretion without advance notice to its Guest.
How can I book a vacation package online?
It’s easy! With just a tap or click you can start booking your Disneyland vacation package,  via your computer or mobile device.Vacation packages combine accommodations, theme park tickets, special benefits and Disney surprises.When booking your vacation package, you will have the option of adding airfare, car rental, ground transportation, Disney Character Dining, Disney MaxPass, , access to Southern California destinations,  and more.As your one-stop travel provider, the Walt Disney Travel Company can help you customize the perfect vacation package that suits your needs.Learn more about Disneyland Resort vacation packages.
How can I cancel a hotel reservation I made online?
To cancel a hotel reservation, call The Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Need to reschedule? Be sure to explore available Disneyland Resort vacation packages,  before you book your visit!
How do I make an online hotel reservation for a party of over 8 people at a Disneyland Resort hotel?
Please make 2 separate online reservations. You can have a maximum of 8 people per online reservation.Or, you can make larger party reservations over the phone by contacting The Walt Disney Travel Company at (714) 520-5060. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about Disneyland Resort hotels.
Can I book more than one hotel room online?
Yes. You can book more than one room online but you need to make a separate reservation for each room.For groups needing 10 or more rooms, please visit Disney Group Getaways,  or call (714) 520-5004. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about Disneyland Resort hotels.
How can I request a room for a Guest with disabilities?
When you book your vacation online:Look for the checkbox next to the phrase “Search for Accessible Rooms”.Select this checkbox and you will see the available accessible hotel rooms during your vacation dates.All 3 Hotels at the Disneyland Resort offer accessible rooms and features for Guests with disabilities including:Wheelchair accessible rooms, Hearing accessible rooms, TTY equipment is available upon request at check-in.For booking assistance, please call us at (800) 225-2024. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.Learn more about Disneyland Resort vacation packages.
How can I change or update a hotel reservation or vacation package?
You can call (714) 520-5060,  to change or update your existing hotel reservations or vacation package. Cancellation fees may apply. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Do I need to have a United States address and phone number to purchase a Disneyland Resort vacation package?
Purchasing a Disneyland Resort vacation package,  online saves you time. You’ll receive a confirmation email that includes a link to an online eTicket viewer. Print your ticket or it can be scanned from your mobile phone or tablet device and you can go directly to the Main Entrance turnstiles.Purchase your vacation package today.
I received an error message when attempting to view my vacation package. What should I do?
Please send us an email,  or call us at (714) 520-5060. So we can best assist you, please include the following information in your email message or have it ready when you call:The exact error message, Your reservation number, Your phone number, Some elements of our desktop website require JavaScript.
How can I view my hotel reservation?
You can view an existing reservation,  for a Disneyland Resort hotel,  package online.Getting ready for your visit? Check out our helpful Pre-Arrival Tips, . Remember to take advantage of all the benefits to staying at the Hotels of the Disneyland Resort,  during your trip!
How and when will I receive my Disneyland Resort hotel reservation confirmation documents?
Your hotel confirmation documents are sent by express mail service to the address that you provided at the time of booking. A signature is required upon delivery. For reservations booked and paid 7 days or less prior to your arrival date, confirmation documents will be delivered to your host hotel.All travel documents issued are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the service provider.Make your Disneyland Resort hotel reservation today.
Is there an advantage to buying my vacation package prior to arrival?
Yes. When you buy a vacation package prior to your arrival, you'll have the added bonus of receiving your tickets at your hotel during check-in, so you and your family are ready for the magic as soon as you arrive at the parks. Including Theme Park Tickets with Disney MaxPass,  in your vacation package means you can start making FASTPASS selections from your mobile device and capturing Disney PhotoPass photos the minute you enter one of the parks.Purchase your vacation package today.Learn more about Disneyland Resort vacation packages.
What is Bluetooth® Low Energy (BLE) and how is it used at the Disneyland Resort?
Bluetooth technology is a communication standard designed for short-range data exchange between devices. You may be familiar with it as it is commonly a feature in mobile phones, smart watches and even cars. BLE is a form of Bluetooth communication that requires only low power consumption, which is ideal for some kinds of device-to-device communication that only require small amounts of information to be sent or received.Select locations throughout Disneyland Resort (the “Resort”) include BLE beacons, which are small radio transmitters. These BLE beacons may communicate with certain other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as mobile phones or “smart” devices that have Bluetooth capability. The exchange of information is designed to allow you to enable certain interactive or personalized experiences and to improve the Guest experience.Guests can visit the Resort without using BLE; however, certain features of the Resort experience are dependent upon BLE, including some personalized offerings. To participate using your Bluetooth-enabled mobile device, (1) download the Disneyland app,  or the Play Disney Parks app,  (collectively “Disneyland Parks apps”) to your mobile device; (2) grant the app you are using permission to access your location; and (3) enable Bluetooth services using your device settings. Certain personalized experiences may also require that Guests be signed in to their Disney account on the app. For other BLE-enabled products, including, for example, Astromech Droid Units or Made with Magic Connected Ear Hats, the device will automatically enable the Bluetooth technology when the device is turned on.Guests can enjoy our theme parks without using BLE-enabled devices or products. Guests who have one or more Disneyland Parks apps on their mobile devices but do not want to receive interactive or personalized experiences based on interaction with such apps may disable the Bluetooth functionality on their device or disable the location permission for the installed Disneyland Parks apps while visiting the parks. Guests who have the Astromech Droid Units but do not want to receive interactive or personalized experiences based on interactions with the Droid may power off their Droid while visiting the parks. Note that an Astromech Droid Unit may interact with other Astromech Droid Units outside of the Resort if both units are turned on.The BLE beacons are not GPS-based and do not enable collection of continuous location signals.
What information does the Disneyland Resort collect through Bluetooth
BLE beacons at locations within the Disneyland Resort (the “Resort”) communicate with the Disneyland app or the Play Disney Parks app (collectively, “Disneyland Parks apps”) on your Bluetooth-enabled mobile device and certain other BLE-enabled devices or products, such as the Astromech Droid Units (collectively “your BLE-enabled devices”) to trigger certain effects or experiences on your BLE-enabled devices.In addition, your BLE-enabled devices may also broadcast data that, when received by our BLE beacons, may allow us to provide other interactive or personalized experiences. For example, when you use the Play Disney Parks app,  at Star Wars, : Galaxy’s Edge, , certain functions performed with the app may trigger physical effects in the land. Our BLE beacons may also receive data broadcast by your BLE-enabled devices to determine your relative position and enable certain personalized experiences.
What information should I know about my privacy at the Disneyland Resort?
We strive to make your visit to the Disneyland Resort (the “Resort”) immersive and personalized. To enable these experiences, we may collect information from you online and when you visit the Resort. We value our Guests and are dedicated to treating the information you share with us with care and respect. As we continue to enhance the park experience and develop new ways of interacting with you, we will update this page.The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect Guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.Information We Collect from You Online, The information we collect from you through the Disneyland website or mobile app, the Play Disney Parks app, , or our other online properties (collectively, the “Online Properties”) is handled in accordance with our online privacy policy.Information We May Collect From You When You Visit the Resort, We may also collect certain information from you while you are at select locations throughout the Resort through Online Properties as well as through other means.Learn more about Bluetooth, ®,  Low Energy and how it is used at the Resort.Learn more about what information is collected through your use of Bluetooth Low Energy.
I'm an Annual Passholder. Do I need to create a Disney account to access my special offers and Passholder content?
Yes. The Disney account,  is specially designed with the Annual Passholder,  in mind. As a registered Guest, you will be given the opportunity to receive the latest news on the Disneyland Resort, the Disney Insider,  Newsletter, as well as occasional updates and special offers from Disney Destinations and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies.Take advantage of this content by creating a Disney account.
What are the benefits of creating a Disney account?
With a Disney account, you can:View existing dining reservations, Create a profile,  and keep your account information (address, Annual Passport number, etc.) current, Purchase tickets, Use the same account to access membership content on other Disney sites such as Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa in Ko Olina, Walt Disney World Resort, Disney Cruise Line, Adventures by Disney,  and ESPN.You will also be given the opportunity to receive the latest news on the Disneyland Resort, the Disney Insider,  Newsletter, as well as occasional updates and special offers from Disney Destinations and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. However, you can still browse the site for all sorts of information on the Disneyland Resort without having to register.Create your very own Disney account! 
Where can I find important details about my Annual Passport—such as my pass type and expiration date—on disneyland.com?
To view important details about your Annual Passport, simply sign in or create an account on disneyland.com. After signing in, visit Annual Passholder Today,  to find your pass information—including the expiration date and pass type—located directly beneath your welcome greeting.If you have added an Annual Passport on disneyland.com in the past, you will be able to view details concerning your pass here. If you do not see your pass, please select “Add a Pass to My Account” and follow the instructions to add your Annual Passport.Learn more about Annual Passports at the Disneyland Resort.
What if I forget my password?
If you've forgotten the password to your Disney account, , we can send it to the email address associated with your account. Request that we email your password.
How do I create or cancel a Disney account?
It's simple to create a Disney account,  online. You'll just need to provide your:Full email address (you’ll sign using this email), Password (combination of 6 to 25 characters, using at least one letter and number and optionally, special characters like “!”, “?” and “&”), First and last name, Birth date, Address and ZIP code, If you wish to cancel your Disney account, you’ll need to call (714) 520-6222 for assistance. Guests under age 18 must have parent or guardian permission to call.
Why did I receive a notification email about a new login to my account?
In our continuing efforts to safeguard your account data, The Walt Disney Company informs users whenever their account is logged into from a new website or app, or accessed from an unrecognized browser.We started tracking trusted apps and browsers in late 2019, so you may have received a notification if this was your first login to a familiar app or website since then. You may also receive a notification the first time you log in after clearing your cookies or browser cache. Be sure to check the device or browser name and login location in the email to confirm the notification was a result of your login.NOTE: Location listed is based on IP address and may not reflect the actual location of the device or browser.What if the notification email was not caused by my login?, If you believe that the unfamiliar sign-in notification was not the result of your own login:Click “Change Password”, You will be asked to reset your password to secure your account. All active sessions on your account will be logged out, and you will need to log in again using your new password.Going forward, you will be notified of any activity on your account from that or any other unrecognized device or browser, or of any logins on new websites or apps.
Can I use my account from another Disney family Website?
Yes. If you have previously created a Disney account, disneyworld.com,  or disneycruise.com, , you can use your account on disneyland.com. However, you may be required to enter additional information. For additional troubleshooting assistance, please email us,  with your questions.
What do I do if I am asked to update my password or if I enter a new password and it is not accepted?
For your security, we may ask you to update your password. Be sure to enter a combination of 6 to 25 characters, using at least one letter and number and optionally, special characters like “!”, “?” or “&”.If you follow these guidelines when creating a new password and it is not accepted, you may be using a word that is considered too common to be secure. Please try again by entering a different password.Always store your password in a safe place, and remember that passwords are case sensitive.
Where can I use the payment method I stored to my Disney account?
You can store a payment method—like a credit card—to your Disney account. Storing a payment method allows you to save time during Disneyland website and app transactions, including:Dining reservations, PhotoPass,  purchases, Select ticket and pass purchases with the Disneyland app, The credit card stored in your Disney account for select purchases is separate from the credit card associated with an Annual Passport purchased using the Monthly Payments option for California residents. If you wish to update a Monthly Payments option credit card, please call (800) 410-4656 from 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM Pacific Time, Monday to Friday.Add or update the payment method that is stored to your Disney account.
What are you doing with the information I provide for my Disney account?
We respect your privacy and your concerns about your personal information. We never sell your information.We use your information to complete transactions you’ve requested and for other purposes in accordance with our privacy policy.
What information is required to create a Disney account?
Creating a Disney account is simple. You only need to provide your:Complete email address (this becomes your member name), Password, First and last name, Birth date, Address and ZIP code, Guests must be at least 13 years old to create a Disney online account, Guests who are under 18 years old with a Disney online account will need to have a parent or guardian link reservations to their account on their behalf. You will always use your complete email address whenever you sign into your Disney online account.When you make a purchase, we also require your:Home and billing addresses, Phone number, Credit card information, Ready to get started? Create your Disney account!
I attempted to reset the password for my Disney account, but I did not receive an email. What should I do?
Please check the junk mail folder in your email account for a message from memberservices@disneyparks.twdc.com, . If you do find a message, please follow the instructions to reset your password. If our email is not in your junk folder, please attempt to reset your password,  again to double check that you entered the correct email address associated with your Disney account.If you have taken both of these steps and you still do not receive our email, please call us at (714) 520-6222 and we will help you access your Disney account. Guests under 18 years of age must have parent or guardian permission to call.
When do I need to sign into my Disney account?
You can browse the site, view information and experience most multimedia features without signing into your Disney account, . However, you do need to create an account and sign in if you'd like to purchase tickets, view exclusive Annual Passholder content and see special offers and discounts for Annual Passholders.Forget your sign in information? Request that we email your password.
How can I change my email newsletter and offer & discounts subscriptions? 
You can manage which email newsletters, offers and discounts you receive at any time. Simply sign into your Disney account,  and change your communication preferences. 
How do I install the Adobe Reader browser plug-in?
Adobe Reader is available as a free download from Adobe Systems Incorporated: Download and install Adobe Reader.To best experience disneyland.com, we recommend that your web browser has the Adobe Reader plug-in. Adobe Reader lets you view and print Portable Document Format (.pdf) files.Most major desktop and mobile web browsers come with Adobe Reader already installed, so you may not have to add the plug-in.
What browser plug-ins should I have for disneyland.com?
To best experience disneyland.com, we recommend that your web browser has the Adobe Reader plug-in. Adobe Reader lets you view and print Portable Document Format (.pdf) files.Most major desktop and mobile web browsers come with Adobe Reader already installed, so you may not have to add the plug-in.Adobe Reader is available as a free download from Adobe Systems Incorporated: Download and install Adobe Reader.
Does disneyland.com have a policy on Internet safety?
Yes. The best form of online safety begins at home with you, the parent. We offer you some tips,  to keep your child safe on the Internet.
Do you offer a version of disneyland.com for different languages or international regions?
Yes. Disneyland.com offers the following international versions:USA: English, USA: Español, Canada: English, Canada: Français, Australia: English, Japan: 日本語, You can switch between these international versions by selecting one of the links in the International Versions section at the bottom of the page. On a mobile device, please open the Show More Link module to see the International Versions.
What web browser should I use when visiting disneyland.com?
Disneyland.com is designed for optimal viewing with Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge and Safari. In addition, disneyland.com supports all modern mobile web browsers, including Safari on Apple iOS and Chrome for Mobile on Google Android.We recommend that you update your web browser to the most recent version available. If you are currently using Internet Explorer, we recommend that you use another web browser. Some pages may not function properly on Internet Explorer.Please use these links to upgrade your web browser or download a new web browser:Download Microsoft Edge, Download Google Chrome, Download Mozilla Firefox, Download Safari
How do I report a problem with disneyland.com?
Report a problem, . We apologize for any difficulties you are having, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.If you are having technical difficulties, we recommend that you update your web browser to the most recent version available. If you are currently using Internet Explorer 8, we recommend that you either upgrade to the latest version of Internet Explorer or use another web browser. Some pages may not function properly on Internet Explorer 8 or earlier.Please use these links to upgrade your web browser or download a new web browser:Download Internet Explorer, Download Google Chrome, Download Mozilla Firefox, Download Safari
How do I find something specific on disneyland.com? The best way to find what you are looking for is often to use the search box located near the top of most pages on disneyland.com—if you’re on a mobile device, please tap the magnifying glass icon to make the search box appear.All you have to do is type in the keywords that you wish to search for and hit the Enter or Return button on your keyboard.If you’re still unable to find what you are looking for, please visit our phone directory,  and give us a call.